stitch them up what's that brother how
you doing we're rollin rollin so I've
been talking about you a lot lately
appreciate that you know I love you but
it's also your Instagram page has become
a highlight of police brutality and I
know you take a lot of shit for it but I
think it's very important and we were
just talking about this I think it's
important not just for the people but I
think it's important for the police I
think it's important for police reform I
think they need to see like this is this
is what happens when you have shitty
people doing this very fucking difficult
job and you got a lot of them mm-hmm I
think you know my thing was it just
became everybody just always says well
it's only a few bad apples a few bad
apples a few bad apples and I'm like
well I can just show you there's a lot
of these bad apples you know what I mean
and I think that like you said it's
better for future police but if they're
so scared
to do their job it's because everyone
hates them because everybody hates them
because they're constantly being
dickheads to everybody that makes it
worse for the good cops you know what I
mean I do know what you mean we was
talking about this the other day with
Kolya on the war and we were saying that
it's a job that is almost impossible to
do for the average person you need to be
like a fucking Navy SEAL you need to be
like a person who's gone through some
rigorous training and a person who
really understands how to defuse
situations you need to be a person who
knows how to keep your shit together a
person who knows how to respect people
if they need a lot more training Jocko
wink was talking about that he said I
think they should have 20% training he
goes they train for like you know a
couple of weeks like nine weeks yeah and
then it's over and then they're out
there in the field he goes I think you
know 20% of their time should be spent
training I don't mean in a robe you know
it's even worse than that is it's not
nine weeks and then the field in LA
County you want to be a sheriff it's
nine weeks or however long and it's ten
weeks I'm sorry twelve weeks it's not
that many weeks right out of the Academy
you go straight to two years in this in
the jail they're like all those all the
human interaction you've had before you
went to the Academy
now we're gonna surround you by the
worst examples of everybody for two
years and then you're gonna go on the
streets and try to be normal
you go to jails for two-year minimum
what all all sheriffs that's probably
cuz they just need people in the jails
right well that goes back to what No
I mean I feel like they there's a lot of
shit going on there first of all there's
private prisons then there's drug laws
that's that's those are the two big ones
you want to find out why the fucking
prisons are filled up with people those
are two big ones right there how many
people are in jail for shit they should
never be in jail for decisions that
other people make with their own body
that doesn't harm anybody other than
themselves
you could buy alcohol but you can't buy
coke you can buy weed you can't buy
nonviolent drug offenses is a giant
percentage of the population and then
you said like you they go to jail for
that because they made a mistake but
then they don't just get out of jail and
they're free they put you on probation
and they put these extended five years
probation anything's a probation
violation and then they just keep you
back into that same system back you're
not the same system back to the same
system you know father's day I was uh I
was out back I did like a post around my
kids and you know I'm really proud of my
kids so I did a post on father's day and
I was like man it's Father's Day I'm
gonna chill I'm smoke a joint fucking
crack a beer it's like 10 o'clock in the
morning I can do that on Father's Day
you know and sitting there squirrel joy
and I'm like I'm gonna do a post for
ignite shout out to ignite and I'm like
it hit me like it's Father's Day how
many fathers are in prison right now
still to this day over something that I
can do legally and post on the Instagram
now it's insane it's insane in jail for
something that's now an essential like
it's an essential thing that you can do
during kovat like when everything was
locked down you could still buy weed
nuts it's crazy
and then you can't just blindly turn
your they turn your eyes to all this
stuff know everything going on in the
world it's like that's why I'm putting
this stuff on on my Instagram it needs
to be seen Yates I'm glad you're doing
it you know and I know you take a lot of
heat for it and that's one of the
reasons why I highlighted it I want to
shine people your way and let them know
like you're you're doing you're not
doing this because you're a dickhead
you're doing it because you're showing
horrible shit
there's a video that you show that I've
watched so many times man there's a the
cop that a rear naked choke that lady
and throws it to the ground for no
reason or in this
no reason horrendous and you would see
him like some days I'm like sometimes I
don't have time I'm not even gonna look
at the comments cuz I don't want to go
there but some days like today I got
time I will battle with these fucking
assholes in the comments all day long
they'll defend that well she shouldn't
have resisted I want I want contact show
me context but if that was your mom what
what scenario or context are you looking
for that that would be okay are you
ready to jump on it back or your
daughter or your grandma yeah Jesus
Christ it's nuts
it's nuts it's people that shouldn't be
cops and it's too easy to be a cop it's
too easy and they don't get paid enough
you know they don't get trained well
enough and this defunding the police
shit is the wrong way to handle it I
know they think it's the right way to
handle it yeah we're just these cops are
bad we just take away all the money oh
my god you're gonna create fucking chaos
I don't know I haven't looked into the
defunding thing a lot I've heard it I
heard about it a lot but when you talk
about defunding let's talk about why do
why do these cops need fucking tanks in
downtown why do these cops need all
these ar-15s in full bullet like what is
all what are we training for we're
trying to scare people why was why are
we spending all of these tax dollars to
scare people and I'll show you some shit
that John Joseph sent me my buddy John
Joseph from the cro-mags
he's um this is a shows that people who
have different points of view could be
good friends cuz he's a good friend of
mine he wrote a book called meat is for
pussies so there you go folks we can all
get along we really can you fucking
idiots he he sent me some shit his
friend is he's working homicide in
Harlem and 21 people got shot the other
day because nobody wants to be a cop
there anymore so it's fucking madness
like he said it is madness in New York
City like literally goddammit where can
it find it like nobody wants to do the
fucking job he's like it's it's crazy
down there they didn't want to do the
job before or they don't want to do the
job now that the heat and the spotlight
is on them but all everybody's at
resigning will vacant if I can't do
whatever I want and have absolute
immunity than I don't want the job
anymore you shouldn't have the fucking
job to begin with that's a good point
too you know what I mean like why did
you have the job alright look at this
this is all the fucking people that got
shot the other night as one day this is
what's that's what happens when there's
no cops well there's no cops and no
one's policing anything people just go
ham I mean that's what you saw in Santa
Monica Santa Monica is as white as
Wonder Bread right really yeah and it
was crazy during the looting I mean
crazy the cops were told to stand down
they were told to stand around and watch
so the whole thing of you know hey you
need the cops when you call them you
need them when shit goes crazy the cops
are there for you not that time the
sheriff actually told them to not do
anything
so people were smashing windows and
stealing things and they're standing
around in this there's videos of this
one guy running around the street point
and guns at people cars smashing into
each other it's like a movie what was
the point of telling them to stand down
I think they were that people were gonna
burn all this anger out the George Floyd
anger and that somehow or another like
let them do it and then we'll clean up
the mess it's just incompetent policing
it's incompetent leadership so there's
the person that made that choice do we
vote for him because everybody's
probably it's all that for her like
these are the kind of decisions that
need to be made and you have to ask
yourself why would they what was the
purpose in telling in that well this is
a liberal progressive perspective they
this is something that they've tried in
a bunch of different cities they also de
Blasio did the same thing in New York
City cops were literally told to stand
down and there the cops are standing
there and they're doing nothing why
people are just fucking videos the
videos from New York City of the
nuttiest because people are filming them
from their apartments mhm so they're
looking down on the street while cars
were running people over and people are
smashing into windows and running in and
stealing stuff like all these kids just
want and free shit nothing to do with
black lives for the milk a lot of them
or just opportunists looking for
stealing and then also caught up in the
chaos of the smashing windows and
stealing stuff and then the cops aren't
doing anything and they're young and
they've been out of work for three
fucking months and everybody's broke
it's just so many factors compounded
together but Giuliani was actually on
Fox News talking about there's a
particular like political perspective on
how to deal with looting and riots in
these particular situations and the idea
is to let burn out let these people burn
it out of their system but that it
doesn't work he's like this is an
outdated style of policing that they've
figured out doesn't work in like the 60s
and 70s but there's a lot of progressive
people that are in positions of
leadership that still think it's a good
idea that seems like a terrible idea
well nobody knows really what the fuck
to do when everything goes haywire
it's like theories like what's the
theater like what do you do well you
better protect lives but don't worry
about property because everything's gone
nuts and then the other perspective is
sending the fucking National Guard never
there's like don't do that that's the
military so I don't know what the
correct perspective isn't thank god I'm
not a fucking governor or a mayor that's
what you know things are fucked someone
like me ever gets to a position like
that yeah I don't know if part of me
thinks that the National Guard's would
be serviced you know off duty servicemen
or however that works they are from this
city or from the area would probably do
a lot better job and get more respect
than the police that are driving around
shooting kids with pepper balls and
doing all this crazy shit we're seeing
everything you would say that but one of
the most egregious videos of police
brutality was the National Guard in
Minnesota where those girls were on
their porch I know if you saw that one
and they're what these National Guard
dickheads are walking down the street
like good inside get inside let me go
light them up and they're shooting
rubber bullets at these fucking girls in
their house they're on their porch these
girls got hit that's insane and she's
like oh fuck and she's like inside her
house and then a bunch of people have
lost eyes there's a bunch of people
honest there's so many and everyone now
everyone's just tagging me in videos and
a woman that kid that got shot in the
face either one lost his eye yeah
multiple people have lost their eyes
journalists have lost their eyes the
video I posted that guy they're like all
squared up like uh he's like walking to
him talking shit irreverent smoking a
cigarette and they mace him in the face
and he turns around like a fucking G
like hits the cigarette like what a dick
turns back and they shoot him in the
face point-blank with like I think it's
a camper gas canister yeah to the face
in the face I saw it I mean it explodes
in his face who knows what happened to
that guy you know but it's yeah that is
not serving or protecting it's neither
focusing on any level on any level and
you know I get it man look there's a
fucking video we want to talk about the
other perspective there's a video go to
Hector Lombard Instagram there's a
videos I mean this is where it gets
really squirrely because there's this
dumb white guy who's in the face of this
black cop
the black cops aren't doing anything
he's doing his job mmm and this guy's
calling him a bitch
he's calling him all these terrible
names he's inches from this scrawny
asked man bun wearing dickhead is in
this cops face like what happened a
black lives matter like if this is black
lives matter you this is a black guy
like what are you doing he doesn't even
do anything man he's standing there
trying to keep the peace and you were
fucking with him and inciting him it's
people man it's people people there's a
lot of us suck and in pressure
situations a lot of us suck understand
and these cops that you're seeing that
are doing these horrible things they're
just fucking people man and if you give
a person that insane power to Mesa guy
in the face then shoot them in the head
with a fucking teargas canister that
guy's got to be a held accountable and
you got to make sure that never fucking
happens again
and you that video should be used for
training purposes but everybody else on
that that day they say like there's good
cops everybody else on that guy's team
knows that guy you don't mean they know
that guy you're in the locker room with
all your buddies or whatever you know
who cheats on his wife and who doesn't
like you know that guy you know that
guy's a fucking asshole you know what I
mean right
so but what do you do it's just like I
mean I look at it they feel like they
can't do anything because those people
protect them if they're in the middle of
a fucking shootout they don't want to be
the guy that doesn't get back up cuz you
ratted out the guy that shot the guy
with the tear canister well if that's
the problem that we're facing then it's
time to clean clean house and start all
over again
and everybody needs to be you're all
fired and then you can reapply for your
job but you're getting reapply for your
job from a completely different system
or a please pretty different interview
process somebody that's not attached to
you because if that's the problem that
you have is now I can't trust these guys
aren't gonna trust me then what are we
supposed to do just say it's okay every
time that happens yeah we shouldn't we
definitely shouldn't say it's okay that
they need reform there's no question
about it anybody who says they don't
need reform needs to go to the Joe
Schelling's Instagram page and for real
that the other ones question that fuck
an old man that gets polish pushed down
and cracks his fucking head
and then those guys in solidarity quit
and walk off the job and then when the
guys get released from whatever cops got
charged or released from whatever
they're all the other cops are outside
Clausing them yeah you can't push an old
guy to the ground and he cracks his head
open and you walk away I don't know what
that old guy said to them I mean he was
apparently an old hippie that's like
been a peace activist forever and you
know he's like 80 something years old or
something like that he's really old man
like when that 70 something years old
do you remember 75 when he gets pushed
Ben you could see he's feeble he falls
he has no control over his body and
bangs his fucking head off the concrete
and they just leave him there man they
just leave him there no one's doing CPR
no one's calling a medic no one's
checking him no one's holding his hand
and always doing a goddamn thing like
you just watched an assault you watched
an assault on an old man on a helpless
old man yeah a helpless woman or a
hopeless 13 year old girl you're
slamming around like it's all yes weak
weak weak weak weak men that are doing
this yes yeah and these are the ones
that we give I don't know it's like this
lack of masculinity so we're like scared
so we give somebody else the power and
you're giving weak-minded people guns
and power right you don't giving people
guns and power that the psychological
ramifications of that job must be crazy
if you're day in day out seeing gun
shots and fucking suicides and car
accidents and stabbings and rape and all
day long you're seeing the worst aspects
of humanity that your mind gets fucked
I've talked to a lot of cops that are
good guys and they'll tell you like the
job is hard man there's days where you
literally you would you think about
taking your own life so you don't have
to see anything anymore
they say that I've heard that from cops
and these are not cops that are abusive
they're cops are just like man I'm
telling you it's like you get
overwhelmed like you could only walk up
on so many suicides so many shotgun
wounds to the face you can only walk up
on so many of those and keep your sanity
and you know the other thing that Jocko
will Inc was saying was that it
it's the same thing in the teams like
psychologically some people can handle
anything
and some people did not handle anything
some people just one or two things and
they're off tilt they just can't know
for sure and but some people they can go
back home to the family and be a good
dad and be a good husband and be a good
neighbor and be a good person and just
you just absorb it and just you know go
well you know it's horrible but hey
that's life
it's tough then that's another area that
needs to be reformed is mental health
with the officers or whatever but we
can't just ignore the whole the whole
thing and say well the you know it's a
tough job no we can it's a Chris Rock
thing about like you can't be a
sometimes a good pilot
maybe a pilot you can't just crash into
things so you can't go without can't be
liability you know at which off topic
but like that's how I feel about judges
like how many fights can you screw up
yeah for there's an accountability yes
yeah you know what I mean
ya know that's a real good point yeah I
mean it's like basically every job you
know it's just some jobs have much
higher consequences and cops it's like
the highest it's one of the highest cops
soldiers is a few without the highest
consequences of your mistakes mm-hmm you
know and zero accountability very little
they only do cops don't get don't go to
regular court they get a internal
investigation they don't protect their
own they protect each other they're
their own little team that woman what is
her name Brianna Taylor is that her name
the woman who got shot in her home and
then they dig no-knock warrant kick down
the wrong door shut the window she was
playing with a whether it's son or
little brother or somebody on the in the
bed of a video game and then they
charged her boyfriend her husband with
attempted murder for shooting back at
the person who's shooting through the
window but didn't tell them they were
cops right and he's saying I mean they
have this guy cuffed in a fucking
jumpsuit go in jail it's crazy
it's and and the cop who did that only
got fired that's it there was another
one that where the guy got and just now
just now got fired by the way that that
happened quite a while ago the the one I
posted of the guy in the hotel where
they called get a pellet gun because
was like an Albertan exterminator and
that's what his girlfriend in a hotel
room and they call the cops the cops
come and they're like lined up down the
hall with an ar-15 screaming and
ridiculous orders yes ridiculous hands
behind your back crawl while you have
scratch your head in your temple but
don't fucking move or I'll kill you
don't reach back the cap God kept losing
his pants cuz he's never been on he's
crying he's like please please and they
just fucking gunned him down while he's
belly down so they already knew what
they wanted to do and they're waiting
for him to give the reason well the
exactly it's not hard to tell that guy
is not a threat just like it's not hard
to tell that that woman like the one
with a they throw the woman down and she
jumps the god cop jumps on her back and
puts her in a rear naked choke what do
you do when you argue with your wife at
home or your sister or your girlfriend
like wait at what point does your where
do you get the right to just jump to
that conclusion just because you're a
cop that woman's not a threat to you
know that old manner that I posted
yesterday they body slammed it you know
it's just I don't know if you saw the
one guy who got pulled over going five
miles an hour over the speed limit and
the officer is threatening to
pepper-spray him because he's filming oh
yeah see that one yeah yeah there's a
lot of a man there's a lot of other one
with the it's a black guy and he's just
going on like losing his shit on the cop
and he won right he's like yeah I just
thought recently it's like you pulled me
over for not using my turn signal and
you walked up to my window with a gun I
have a gun pointed at me
yeah what the fuck is wrong with you
yeah I got kids I got a wife I want to
live my life why the fuck is yeah
because I made it turn into turn signal
right why are these guys so terrified to
do their job well you don't know what
it's like to work the streets at south
side of Chicago there's people that live
in South Side of Chicago
there's people that grow up there is
people that are raised there there's old
ladies that walk down the street there
you know what I mean so don't tell me
because you're too terrified to do your
job it makes it okay for you to kill
people
what's definitely not okay to behave
like that because they escalate way
before it becomes a real thing and
there's nothing going on you're pulling
a guy over it's one thing if you're
pulling a guy over and his windows are
all blacked out and he won't he's not
complying he's not rolling down his
window you should get sketched out when
you rent his tag and he has 15 armed
robbery charges already right
it's but then you know it's just there
needs to be
Solutions all this complaining about it
is great it's good I really think what
you're doing is very good because it and
I think the cops should think it too
they really should man because it should
highlight the need for reform and
highlight the need for education and
highlight the need for better training
and better funding you want better
people you got to pay them
you got a you're you can't have
billboards up that say earn fifty
thousand dollars a year have a great gig
you know that's not the people you want
man you want you want it to be difficult
to be a cop it sounds like a joke but
it's not a joke you need more training
time to become a barber than it is to
become a cop that's a fact that's not a
joke it sounds like a joke that's not a
joke it's a fucking fact we give these
people that have like very little
training whatsoever and a little very
little background on their mental
stability you know a fucking weirdo when
you meet him Joe you're like all that
guy's a little off you're not gonna give
that guy a fucking gun in a badge and
then the right to do whatever he wants
and that's what we do and it keeps
biting us in the ass all the time yeah I
have a buddy of mine and he has this
dude who was his trainer that kept
trying to be a cop the guy was fucking
insane fucking insane he would tell him
in the middle of training Jesus doesn't
want you doing that right now Jesus
wants you doing something different
he'd be like what he's like Jesus wants
you doing squats today just uh got to
trust in the Lord man today it squats
he's like what the fuck he's saying he's
like he was wrong like something's off
in his head right and he just kept
saying that yeah Long Beach turned me
down so you know I'm gonna try for the
Pasadena Police Department like this guy
was mentally unstable and he kept trying
to become a cop
now if one police department was light
on people and they needed that guy and
they gave that guy a gun and let that
guy pull people over and Jesus tells him
to shoot somebody
Florida saying that they would take on
the police department reports that we
would take all the police officers at
the other state they got in trouble or
whatever whatever the fucking thing was
Atlanta's all the police officers are
not responding
there's people they applied to be in the
military and didn't pass the thing but
still became cops it takes let you were
a lower standard to be a police officer
in the
u.s. then is to be a soldier in the u.s.
that's crazy
what are we doing and what and what is
the you know we have the same process
when I was in high school they guys come
around in their suits they you know they
if you take the ASVAB so tests on we can
show you the world you'll get a free
education all that shit yeah you don't
qualify for them but I could still get a
badge and a gun at people are gonna
respect me yeah yeah there's a lot of
that shit going on it's real that's what
I mean no if ands or buts about it and
it's just a poor management it's a poor
management decision to just to run the
police departments that way to have them
that underfunded to have them that
poorly represented because I know
there's good cops out there I've met him
I know good guys that are cop for sure
for sure to cops
yeah trading good cops on my call it
seems like a good guy and I've seen him
at other cops that I'm like that dude is
not all there right that dudes not all
there and everywhere not everybody in
the fucking precinct knows a hearts
that's Dewey you know don't worry about
doing he's a good guy I just don't get
pulled over by hold over by him yeah
yeah it's uh we're in a crisis in this
country in many ways we and Jocko was
talking about this that it's a
leadership crisis it's all from the top
down you know and it's a leadership when
it comes to the president leadership
crisis governor's mayor's sheriffs and
then the cops themselves it's it's a
bunch of people that really don't have
the character to be doing that and look
it's a I wouldn't wish it on anybody man
it's that's a tough fucking get all
those gigs we just being a governor
fucking insanely hard I couldn't imagine
being responsible for the economy of a
whole state especially California that's
why our goofy governor keeps calling it
a nation state it might as well be a
fucking nation there's 40 million people
in this motherfucker that's a lot of
people man that's crazy I don't want
that job but if you're gonna have that
job you got you better be fucking really
good man really good I think that we
need four-year terms for everybody of
major powers like this so that we don't
end up with these career politicians in
career you know this it just stays the
same and you build your relationships
and the
that shit just stays the same there's no
accountability there's no fresh blood
coming in maybe that's the key a good
key for cops to have a four year like
term and then you're up for a review or
the police chief you know thankfully you
know that police I can only imagine it
that's right like like lethal weapon or
whatever Martin and Riggs walk in or
whatever and he's like oh you know the
Commissioner Commissioner Gordon's
breathing down my neck you got to stop
choking all these guys out and they're
like you know I don't give a fuck but
you know the commissioners down my back
he's not saying hey motherfucker you're
fired I'm I pressed charges on her
fucking asses about how we do things you
know what I mean
well then there's always the there's a
romantic crazy cop like rigs and lethal
weapon was the romantic crazy cop it was
kind of cool he's a little unhinged but
he gets a job done yeah right you know
but those guys are never abusive in
those movies to unhinged guys no heroes
yeah they're always heroes and cool with
people but they just you know eat cold
pizza in the morning a blender and they
fucking smoke cigarettes and then they
choke people so my son Jackson was
scared of the police before I was ever
into any of their said doing okay I when
I noticed it I was aware of it I like
took a step like step back and I look to
myself he's getting this from me and he
wasn't he was like three or four years
old and we would pull on never one day
we pulled in to the bank and I parked
between two cop cars and my older son
gets out the car and I'm like it was Jax
and he's still in the back and he's like
oh like tense in the back seat like
what's wrong with you and he's like even
they wouldn't say anything my older
sounds like always scared of the cops
I'm like why because all he sees is cops
come when you're in trouble
cops cops take you to jail cops do bad
things there's no like when I was a kid
and uh Bellbrook Ohio where I grew up we
had a cat and he used to always go up in
the tree and my mom would call the
police and the fire department anytime
the cat when the fucking tree you know
that's cool right we try you know I
couldn't climb a tree that high you know
get down you're gonna fall and then she
call the fucking police in the fire
department
and they'd come and they'd be cool and
that fucking cop will give us copper
crackerjack so when I cop drove by he
waved at you you know yeah I mean that's
impound life well that was like hell
shit should be no it's like a fun mint
fucking quiz no
and I'm like oh man excuse me officer
what time is it I want my fucking lunch
break they're just fucking dickheads all
the time they pull you over
what are you doing speeding in my town
you know it's just like this
overwhelming fuck you all the time I got
the cop stories I got I got a cop
stories I know you do yeah there's a lot
of cop stories to have good and bad but
you only hear the bad ones there's a
there's a lot of interactions every day
that people have with cops that are
positive and I'm sure but it's just
exactly like the Chris Rock joke you
really can't have bad apples when it's
that job no just like you can't have bad
Fire Department people you can't have
bad pilots you can't have it's just a
job you got to do right and then it's
like for how long like that's why lately
I've been posting videos from like three
years ago four years ago the same same
type of shit yes still going like this
is an old video and nothing's changed
yeah Rodney King wasn't that long ago
there was another one just came out this
guy's handcuffed on his back and they're
beating him batons telling him to put
his legs down while they're beating the
shit out of it yeah and then the guy
that got pulled over or fell asleep and
Windies parking lot cop pulls him over
saying hey what are you doing and the
guys like look man I was fighting with
my wife fucking head you know he'd been
drinking yes sir I've been drinking they
had he hadn't been driving they could
prove yet so the quality take his
breathalyzer he's like well you know I'm
already been drinking he's like it's
just part of my investigation it's don't
big deal the reality was they needed him
to take the breathalyzer because they
could have right then and could arrest
him because they didn't see him actually
drive they couldn't do that so they
tricked him into doing that then they
arrest him when they arrest him there
he's got his hands behind his back maybe
he's hustling or whatever nobody wants
get arrested while they're tasing him in
the back multiple times
these idiots give up the Taser so he's
running away with the Taser and they
shoot him in the back yeah we were
talking about that one he turned what
didn't he turn and point the Taser on
him or is that what they said video it
looks like he's gonna do whatever invest
I can't keep up with the investigations
of like what day things have been found
maybe there was a shot left in it that's
why there was a pop heard or there was I
I don't know
so there might have been a shot left in
it people are saying that yeah that's I
don't know but Eve either way but if I
tase you in the back for
it doesn't give you the right to kill me
if I shoot or made aim one in your
general direction it's Isis motherfucker
and it wasn't like that guy was you had
a conversation with him he just said he
would go home
he was dotted his daughters were at his
sister's house but I'll just leave the
car here ago they already had the agenda
what they wanted to do why shouldn't
that guy just but you know what go home
mark Lamont Hill had a really important
point it's like why is that a case even
for the police there should be something
else like some other division that just
handles non violent people that are just
in need of assistance if you got a guy
who's drunk in a parking lot they should
just be some people that if you want to
cite him and give him some sort of a
find or suspend his license for 30 days
or something like that something
nonviolent but that guy should just get
a ride home and if he says they drove
there well hey man you can't drive drunk
you're in trouble for that but but to
try to tase him and all that other shit
there's no there's no need for that see
I'm torn on that is that yes you're
absolutely right somebody should be able
to see that I just don't think that it's
out of the realm of possibilities that
the police could be called to that scene
and not end up shooting the guy yeah
they should have the same wherewithal
the you and I are having this
conversation did I call it the what are
you doing you know go your wife's
probably pissed your dumb drunk right
now that's one of the ones where the
land police departments all walking off
in solidarity because the guy was
charged with felony murder and so they
all quit yeah a lot of them are just not
responding to things they basically
don't feel like they're supported and
they want to let people know like this
is what we do this is how hard this job
is so this is what it's like when cops
don't respond that is the most idiotic
baby little child shit to do I can't
even get behind that at all well if you
know I'm taking my ball and I'm going
home then you don't want me here and
then I'm leaving I don't even know it's
ridiculous it's not gonna change the the
the charges if they charged him with
felony murder they're not gonna
uncharged him with felony murder because
the cops aren't responding
and once it's like just shows that much
they don't care about their community
they don't care about their oath they
don't care about predicting and serving
for you they care about staying together
you know it's what we're saying earlier
this is that's
oh right this that's the you know the
code of silence you you have to protect
those other people because this shit
could go down you need them to have your
back
it's it's I'm not saying it's right but
I'm saying that is how it works in the
police department that's terrible
did you ever see the documentary 275 I
didn't you should see it it's fuckin
crazy
it's the 75 the 75 it is all about this
guy it's this guy Mike Dowd who's out
now who became a corrupt police officer
just joined the force because he wanted
to be a cop and then right away was
introduced to the fact that this whole
fucking thing is bad it's all corrupt
they're all bad cops they're all doing
fucked up shit I'm pretty sure they
pushed a guy out of a window like one of
the first days that he got there someone
got killed and they would just say this
is how it works and then cut to many
years later he's robbing drug dealers
and selling drugs and they're organizing
hits on people like it's a crazy fucking
moving it's from his words and his
former partners words and just details
how everything went completely sideways
and it just shows you like imagine if
you were one of those guys and that's
your job you're a fucking cop and you're
in this precinct with all these other
corrupt cops and you're like well this
is what we do so this is what we do we
just corrupt mm-hmm fuck it's like the
mob mentality with the protest right you
get a good protest or people protesting
a real thing people that are having a
peaceful march doing that stuff and then
you compound they have been locked in
their house for two months everybody's
broke the louvers and their businesses
she's getting fucking weird they're just
going crazy and but they're in the
protest now you have some asshole come
up with a hammer and break a bunch of
windows and start creating the drama it
it causes a mob mentality right it's
like people are smart but mop mobs are
stupid right person is smart people are
stupid that same thing out of the cops
right you're on a team one guy starts to
do its share like bro just shoot him in
the face of the beanbag no we don't see
it fucking god O'Malley oh right on
ask me the gun boom and they're all
doing the same shit there's definitely a
lot of that and then they're protecting
themselves yeah there's definitely a lot
of that it's there's also there was some
crazy shit
it was pretty much proven that some cops
were the ones who were breaking windows
in Minneapolis oh yeah there was one in
New York where they were sawn a sawing
they're like the roll-up door open on a
jewelry store a cop was doing it yeah
they had this video off on the video for
it oh there's police cops would like
with like a fucking one of the only
miter saw or whatever cutting the
roll-up door on the jewelry shop I think
I saw that one I it was a fiber might be
incorrect there was people they got a
call there's people trapped in there and
they like had to get him out I've been
robbing it or some may be trapped in
there robbing it yes I may be mistake on
that one but I think I thought oh that's
interested Amy with the fact check that
seems like a weird way to save people
saw the fucking little security door
open they broke it open in a bad way and
like snuck in oh my god all their
equipment should act he's like the well
okay we were robbing this jewelry store
that seems like the type of thing that
you would say when you were caught on
camera robbing the jewelry store well
actually there's somebody inside I was
trying to get him out was just weird
thing it happens sometimes yeah I mean
accomplice that's true too yeah I mean
how many cops robbed things during all
the melee had to be a lot right come on
they had to the one that I saw was a
target in Minneapolis for this cop that
actually got recognized and he got
identified and this cop was smashing
windows and these kids really came and
you a fucking cop he's like fuck off
I'll kick your ass and his big guy that
was a guy in Minneapolis with that full
face shield on and everything and they
were like this guy's wearing like
police-issue shoes police-issue clothes
look at that why would they do that why
would a cop do that because the cop
wanted a break shit or is there a plan
to get fucking drama started in a
certain city and then that police
station just happens to burn down and
they give it up to well I think I'm
gonna record of those situations when
records got destroyed when it burned on
that police station oh that's a good
point Joe shillings think on multiple
levels you know I mean I think what
happens with a lot of this you know it's
called an agent provocateur right and
what they've used those people for
before is to stop a peaceful protest and
the way they stop a peaceful protest
they turn it violent and then they then
then they have the authorization to go
in and break break up the protest and
arrest people and that has been done
that absolutely has been done that was
done with the World Trade Organization
protests in the early 2000s they did
that in Seattle that shit has been done
they do it it might be Nate late 90s but
they fucking do that that is a
government tactic and say you have a
good protest and it has a good meaning
and a good thing and that's bad for you
if you're the government you're trying
like I don't really like this shit what
do we do here let's get some fucking
assholes to go in there and start some
shit
we haven't let these people leave their
house two months they're gonna do some
dumb shit right yeah so we'll just start
bashing I'm shaking you know what let's
plant some fucking bricks maybe we put
some bricks on the street where all
these people are gonna come they're
gonna fuck all this shit up
yeah the brick thing was weird you know
in some circumstances the bricks
actually were there because of
construction that's been proven there
was one that was a synagogue in North
Hollywood and we were in there diseases
like bricks set up right in front of the
synagogue we're like this is fucked up
like what it is about turned out even
worse that bricks had actually been
there for a long time and they were
there to keep people from driving into
the synagogue they were to stop a car
from smashing through the front windows
and killing people so they were worried
after like the Pittsburgh mass shooting
and a couple other mass shootings they
were worried about their synagogue so
they set up these bricks to keep some
fucking psycho from driving a car
through the building which is I mean
almost worse almost rather than let me
we have that everywhere though right we
have that in like Sunset Boulevard or
wherever they'll be like those palm
trees post like yeah that's a that's a
normal thing I think I guess but this is
the one that breaks because it was like
set up by these folks that ran the
synagogue then they fence the city
didn't even protect it they had to do it
themselves yeah I'm pretty sure I mean I
think City probably approved it right
but it's it's a weird see if you can
find I saw the picture there in like
cages right yeah yeah weird thing you
can buy at Home Depot I guess oh you
can't for that reason for okay start on
a synagogue it's being targeted by white
supremacists
we're the cities and I got your back
here and I worried about the cops
showing up bring up these put these rock
piles shit
it's just this this whole Co vid and
then the George Floyd protests and then
the riots and looting and everything
that really highlights how fragile our
civilization is really really shows
everybody yeah
and how easily we are controlled through
the media yep easily we're controlled
Hytrin see watch anymore cuz like it's
you're just getting brainwashed and once
you realize you're just being
brainwashed like leaders control how you
feel about everything they control you
you hate this guy
change the other channel guys a good guy
this guy's fuck this guy it's just all
misinformation the WHO and Falchi one
day that don't do maths you don't need
mass the next day or you need masks como
needs 50,000 respiratory rate Vitter
later isn't it puts them all in the
nursing homes and all the nurse people
die yeah let's not talk about that yeah
that's the Cuomo nursing home things
that giant scandal man he went those
people go back to the nursing homes they
infected and killed thousands of people
because of that and and so his numbers
go straight up you know and then like
why are we incentivizing we even go into
the color I mean why are we
incentivizing hospitals to say that they
were kovat death what is the purpose of
that it makes no sense I think the idea
was because this was a new disease and
they required more fun of like
financially it's more difficult to treat
those people that they allocated more
money towards people that had kovat
mm-hmm but when you do that you do
incentivize people to mark deaths as
Kovach there's people who get shot and
they were like well yet kovat winning
died but did they test him for code a
lot doesn't matter just resident there
but there are numbers come out
apparently they've also been a bunch of
people that died and weren't kovat
tested that they do believe died because
of complications for Cova too so the
idea is that it could even possibly
balance it out they don't know but there
are a lot of people that have like their
here's a deceptive one that I've read it
was really fucked up they were talking
about this kid who was a thing he was 17
who died from kovat and they said he was
and they were said he was healthy no
under no other
health issues they said but then you
read the article deeper it turns out he
had diabetes
he had type 1 diabetes and he was 400
pounds and it's like wait a minute
the that's not no issues these articles
are full of shit and they write those
articles just so that you click on them
because they get the fucking ad revenue
from clicks it's so they're incentivized
to trick you into being scared like oh
my god a 17 year old died what happened
my 17 year old can die
holy fuck and then you click on it and
if you don't read you know six seven
paragraphs into the article you don't
find out that this was a 400-pound
diabetic kid that you know that's what
have died from the flu three months
earlier it would have been the same show
yeah yeah you know so the numbers are
fudged so I don't want to believe your
numbers don't come to me with more scare
tactics but like the numbers are spiking
well you already said that 50% of the
positives are false positives
well at least finally they're saying
when they say the numbers are spiking I
haven't heard the 50% fault video there
was the the chick that is a with Falchi
the other one she was saying 50% yeah I
don't know how old the video was with it
our testing is we're coming up and if
you have one percent of whatever and we
test it then fifty you know about half
of the positives or false positive Jesus
and then I don't wear a mask and you
have to wear a mask they said the whole
reason we have to flatten the curve is
because you can live on anything for up
to like nine days and even an
asymptomatic person can still transmit
it then it comes out they say the exact
opposite yeah now they're saying
asymptomatic people very very rarely
transmitted I don't choose to believe
that Joe I'm gonna believe what they
told me the first time not gonna do it
not the new facts that they have now so
we're still gonna wear masks all the
time yeah people get mad at you if you
suggest differently there's a lot of
people that like being scared too and
you're like fuck you of it we're your
goddamn masks we need to protect people
love it but meanwhile snow policed who's
gonna protect you and you who's gonna
protect your family me meanwhile there
was no be these people weren't freaking
out when you've seen these mass protests
and the spikes
guess what happened
right after the protest and at least
they're saying that now at least they're
saying they're being forced into saying
is probably connected to the protests
well of course or it's just one more way
to get attacked get people to skate
let's scare them to stop revolting let's
give them let's get them chill out you
got you know now the numbers are spiking
guys do you think it's that calculated
that that's what they're doing I think
there's a lot of calculated shit going
on there's too many weird things going
on I'm like who's calculating I'm though
I think that it's dr. evil I think
they're in like their thing and next
we're gonna launch the sharks with laser
beams on their head what happened to
murder Hornets they came and went real
quick I was really worried about them
aliens bro fuck I put it out there yeah
you come well ends are coming before
before the election the alien thing is
interesting because there's quite a few
like real legitimate studies and
including black op studies that are
going on right now on aliens
particularly after the david flavor
incident which was a Air Force incident
that was off the coast of San Diego that
was all documented in terms of the speed
of the aircraft the fact that they were
tracking it the fact that it blocked
their their tracking systems so it was
an active object blocking the attractive
tracking systems and it also went from
something like right above the surface
of the water to sixty thousand feet in a
matter of a second like whatever the
fuck that thing is it violates all laws
of propulsion and all those Air Force
guys were saying yeah we've been
following these things they've been down
here for the last few weeks like every
now and then we'll see one and they'll
hover above the water and dunk down into
the water they don't know what the fuck
they were and you know this David
favorite guy who's like a rock solid
button-down military man he is not a
bullshit artist he's not a guy who needs
a lot of attention he came on the
podcast and relate his experiences with
this thing and there's not just one of
them and they behave very similarly
they've had him on the East Coast I'm
doing a terrible job of giving all the
facts about how they operate and how the
how they move but they defy all the
laws of propulsion they have no idea
what they are they have no idea where
they're coming from then they don't know
what they're doing but these things
behave in some really almost
supernatural way in terms of like what
we know about physics and this is like
unclassified our this is recent well the
government's come out and said I mean
they've they've openly said there's a
real issue Trump says he's heard very
interesting things about Roswell side of
an alleged UFO event president was asked
by his oh yeah that was nonsense though
you see that interview first of all that
the whole interview was weird like
Donald Trump jr. is interviewing Donald
Trump and he's he's not even doing it
like he's his dad you know like if I was
sitting there with my dad
I better all right dude tell me what's
up back there dude and also I would ask
that question four fucking years ago day
one I'd be like come on dude as soon as
you as soon as you walked me in let's
talk daily I would run for president
just to find out just a lesion or a
reservoir job dude you should have
listened I get canceled for all Joey
Diaz conversation you could you could do
like the presidential addresses and his
to a stand-up at the whole time
every time that would it would have to
be that it would have to be like some
seriousness and some like some but you
know life is so preposterous and it's
more preposterous now than it's ever
been before it's done then meanwhile
there's no standup the only person doing
stand-up right now is Ben there's a few
guys that just started doing shows I'm
actually in Houston this weekend for the
first time in three months I haven't
done any standup
Chappelle's doing regular shows in Ohio
really he's got a outside wedding like
pavilion and he's got a setup where
everybody's socially distanced they all
wear masks in the crowd they have
Chappelle masks so they'll have like the
see on their masks they're in the crowd
and it's my buddy Donnell did it and he
said he loves it and Dave's like listen
man I got to do something I got to
figure this out it's all been approved
by the governor everybody's you know
distanced six feet apart they all
maintain social distancing during the
show they wear masks during the show
how long what's this how long are we
gonna keep doing this Texas governor is
people to stay home estates reports
surges of nuke Ovid 19 cases yeah you
want to see the photo of the Austin
protests you've seen it it's crazy you
know Austin which is the most
progressive city in Texas had this
insane protests which listen I think is
great I do I think it's great that
people want to show solidarity that
people want to to get out there and and
let everybody know that they're they're
not down with police brutality and that
they're there they're down with racial
equality and that you got all these
thousands and thousands of people
together to have the same positive
message I love it however that Co vid
doesn't give a fuck about racial
equality or social justice if you're if
you're not healthy it's gonna get you I
don't know and the case is spike but the
other thing about Texas is a giant
percentage of it I think somewhere in
the neighborhood at 50 percent is
actually in prisons so when they're
talking about statewide issues did you
have an image because I can get an image
for you I got a good one for you oh
that's a good one yeah that'll cause
problem fuckin people but one thing they
have found out if you guys if you guys
are gonna protest protest during the day
and this is why there's been a new study
that came out that said that kovat 19
dies almost instantly in contact with
sunlight no Trump's say that like two
months ago and everyone said he was
crazy
no he was saying like put lights to the
body no he said when the summer comes
that he knows it but it's not but it's
not the heat it's actually light so the
night time is just as dangerous in the
summer it is as it is during the day
it's not heat it's not a temperature
issue I'm sure some temperature kills it
Joe this thing is not real bro this is
not real it's not real a joint it is the
fucking flu yeah let's do it
dude it's not real you don't think I
think that the flu is real I think that
people get sick from the flu every year
and die I think that it's a it's a bad
thing I don't think that all of this
nonsense is going on and
keep keep perpetuating it and keep
perpetuating and keep perpetuating it
it's come on well I just not buying
anything it's just you guys you change
your views and change your opinions it's
like it's like if you were the writer of
a TV show say friends your job would be
to write a 30 minute episode that was
funny and intriguing and dramatic and
fucking scary or whatever the fuck
and like the the media just writes an
episode and then the next day they like
write a new episode and write a new
episode and like change their shit
I understand such bullshit I understand
what you saying I'm gonna give you a
different perspective okay this is the
different perspective the different
perspective is legit biologists have
analyzed the actual virus itself and
they find all sorts of problems with
this virus I had Brett Weinstein on the
podcast the other day he's a professor a
legit biologist and he was discussing
all of the indicators in the virus that
seemed to point to the fact that this
has probably been leaked from a lab and
explained it in terms of the way viruses
evolve I'm gonna do a terrible job of
paraphrasing it because I'm a moron and
he's brilliant but when he said in the
long run what he's basically saying is
this is a very legit virus it's very
complicated because of the fact that
it's been fucked with because this is
not a virus like you know like a regular
cold or like anything else that we've
encountered before this is something
that's really complicated and may have
evolved because it came from a lab his
perspective is it may have evolved to
transmit better indoors and it's very
vulnerable to UV light which also might
be part of you know it being from a lab
and not something that existed in the
wild that actually just jumped from a
bat to a Pangolin to a person or what
have you so legit scientists and
biologists who are not a part of the
narrative they're not working for any
government agency they're not a part of
the news media that's trying to transmit
propaganda they are concerned with it
and they're concerned with it for very
specific scientific reasons now me as a
person who doesn't know what the fuck
any of that stuff I just said means
really I just repeat it it sounds
like I'm smart but they the the smart
people actually are worried about it for
very specific reasons that explain to
you now it's not vulnerable
for a lot of people they're not going to
be vulnerable like pro athletes we were
talking about those NBA players that get
it
listen those are top of the food chain
stud athletes they shake it off they're
not experiencing any symptoms you know
over and over and over again there's a
lot of people that get injured selber
shook it off there's a lot of people
that get it shake it off they barely get
it they barely even know they have it
but they're really robust healthy people
the concern is people that aren't old
people people that are vulnerable when
they get it man they get it bad and I
was reading an article today about a
woman who's been sick with kovat for a
hundred days now and she still has days
so she has like these horrible flu-like
symptoms and she gets real wheezy but I
think she has multiple sclerosis and
she's got some other underlying health
conditions so those people have to
really be worried about this because
it's not predictable and they don't know
how to treat it
totally especially in the beginning
turned out when they put people on
ventilators my buddy Michael yo got it
and he got it early on and his doctor
told him if I put you on a ventilator
you're probably gonna die because your
body's gonna stop breathing for itself
it's gonna let the ventilator do all the
work the ventilator like 90% of people
put on ventilators I think 80 80 per
side for anything ever died is that true
I don't know that's what I said 80 to 80
percent so when the question is almost
like we need 40,000 ventilators because
we're who are you saving when 80% of
those people are gonna die
the thing is though like I think the
ventilator one way you could look at it
the ventilator is such a last-ditch
effort that by the time you get that
what is that was it
high school high school delicious what
happy for you my good man he brings his
own beer you fuckin study all kinds of
gifts um I brought you some ignite stuff
- oh nice dancin shout out the Dan
Bilzerian Tony he's writing a book he I
think he did write his book yeah that
one's for Marshall
my dog's been using it too it's really
good stuff you know Dan everything's the
best yeah sure he's uh
it's funny how he's jumped balls deep
into weed and CBD yeah all right look at
that dog CBD it even says it on there I
fucked up with CBD MD and I took some of
their dogs CBD was delicious peanut
butter flavor I think it's fine I'm sure
why not CBD but they make it flavors for
dogs what's up cool more shit what is
the RAM said I think it's a goat head
that's I asked him once about and I care
emember what the answer was I think it's
always been like his thing that's that's
like Satan right what is the one the the
devil that has the goat head is it
Beelzebub sounds good
thank you Satan no what is it which one
you got to be careful you know you get
people so high that they get super
paranoid and they look down that goat
head Baphomet
Oh Baphomet that's where I've seen him
on things before that's like something
Duncan would know a lot about hey Dan
why is that guy on the cover your
fucking partner where's that goat dude
with with eagle-wing go dude oh look
cars creepies fuck with his pentagram on
his head houston I see you capacity
could soon be exceeded as kovat 19
hospitalizations worsen and then all the
videos come out and it's like people and
going to the hospitals and there's no
lines that they're trying to make it out
to be you know there's a lot of there's
a lot of fuckery going on with this
misinformation and that's a little bit
the newest of the new oh but there's
also real shit going on okay dr. Peter
Hotez
he's been on the podcast before National
School of Tropical Medicine diseases
tropical medicine at Baylor College of
Medicine he's a brilliant guy
it says the city of Houston which is
known for its medical schools has a
large concentration of beds and research
hospitals and whatnot and they're very
close to running out of all of their ICU
beds he said he called on the state to
reimpose more aggressive social
distancing restrictions so he's not a
he's not a foolish person if he's saying
this he's a legit scientist and a doctor
and he knows a tremendous amount about
diseases I met him many many years ago
he kind of freaked me out because uh
we're doing this I interviewed him for
this sci-fi thing and he was telling me
that people that live in tropical
climates all have parasites and like all
of them he goes all of them cuz he
everybody's got something he's like
that's your you're living in this like
soup of moisture and heat and it's just
a perfect breeding ground for all these
diseases and a lot of these third-world
countries poor folks that live in these
tropical climates sees like they all
have it and Williams saying that was
like well the course that makes sense
there's no antibiotics no Matt it's
probably just a normal part of life to
have all these different parasites like
people used to just drain systems
because better gets better off no they
just live with oh man they just live
with it it might be both you know some
people's immune systems might be
stronger but like creek water like
that's what people drank man they just
drank creek water and you would get
beaver fever you get Giardia it was a
normal thing you know people like here
we like talked about Mexico right people
always say don't drink the water
don't drink the water well they're
fucking dribble water all the time their
their system is just more it's more
tolerant of it or they're just used to
just but I imagine like beaver fevers
got a Giardia is probably killing people
I mean you're drinking like horrible
bacteria I know people have died from
e.coli I wonder if they died from
Giardia does Giardia kill you cuz that's
a normal thing you get if you drink out
of a creek so your guy that you were
talking about the the really smart guy
Peter Hotez Peter Hotez he says it was
made in the lab then okay no that's
Brett Weinstein Weinstein yeah he's the
biologist he he said he does not talk
like that he's not say like it was made
in a lab he's like all indications would
point to he's one of those guys and but
he's he's never like so therefore it
does so that was
whoo on lab that's not far from the
Wuhan really does bear the uncertain
place real close rare rarely does
Giardia infection caused death but each
year 4,600 persons with Giardia giardi
Isis those they are estimated to be
hospitalized the United States
hospitalization usually primarily
children under five and dehydration of
the most frequent Co diagnosis huh yeah
probably dehydrated and then you drank
that shitty water like the fact that
dehydration is like one of the
coinciding factors like yeah the water
gets you so sick that you piss and shit
the water out of you yes like baby super
hydrated when they're sick yeah that's
probably better perspective that's most
of your lights for right yeah yeah do
you take any electrolytes like we do
training not really dude I just started
over the last year I started taking one
of my sponsor they sent me this liquid
IV stuff
electrolytes make a big fucking
Neverland yeah it makes a big difference
in how quickly you hydrate it makes a
big difference in stopping cramps stops
all the cramps
I heard of being dehydrating level of
dehydration like reduces athletic
output by like 20 percenters which is
things I've been fucking sound the alarm
on forever we're gonna stop weight
cutting right guys I want I want people
to fight healthy and I want him to fight
for as long as they can but DC had
kidney failure before and that's why he
didn't get into the Olympics at one
point kidney failure daniel cormier
mm-hmm you know he's had real problems
from cutting weight man it's fucking
terrible for you that's why he fights so
good at heavy weight yeah you know when
he said heavy weight he doesn't have to
deal with any of that bullshit did he
just eat and train and just recover when
you're dehydrating yourself to that
extent the extent that some guy like
Paulo Costa that motherfucker
Chael Sonnen had a video he had on
YouTube I urge you to go to jail
sentence son as YouTube and listen to
him talk about it
he was watching Paul cozy that Paul
cross is 230 plus pounds he cuts down to
185 for a fight that's insane that's how
low does he get before it's just water I
don't know man you got to see the video
of him now it looks like a fucking
heavyweight
you know kisi recovered from surgery
right so he had a believe he severed one
of his biceps after his fight with Yoel
so he had to get it reattached and this
a long recovery process so I guess he
just got big he's huge man what's like
Anthony Johnson yeah he was like
fighting it what's seven 170 I don't
know when he was on a local circuit I
hear and he's fighting at 70 and keep
going up keep going up going up thing is
if he can make 70 for the first you know
few minutes until his body starts giving
out holy shit that's it's terrifying
what weight class ease in motherfucker
bro icing people like Glover Teixeira
with one punch as a light heavyweight
and he just throws everything with zero
fucks
I'm zero if I love it he's like you're
gonna take me down warm also given it
we've got an iron chin that's a big
factor like Anthony can take it you
can't just put him out he had so goddamn
hard the fucking Minotauro punch when he
clipped him with that uppercut and
flatlined him he did the same thing to
go over he just can he could take people
out with one shot like nobody else in
the sport and clover was on like a 20
fight or something crazy something crazy
crazy well he lost it John Jones before
that John Jones did some really clever
shit in that fight and he did something
that I'm kind of amazed that people
don't do more often John had an over
hook on Glover's arm and and they were
in the clinch and John wrenched his
fucking arm up in a way that I've never
seen it before like I yeah yeah like
like almost you know like a shoulder
lock he got him in some kind of a
shoulder lock and he did it from there
right so John has his arm like he's got
Glory's got another he like gave him the
under hook and John's got his arm and
John Sears right there and John that's a
mere luck slasher yanked his fucking
shoulder and afterwards globo's telling
me he's like all my shoulders fucked he
kept fighting the fight with it but made
a big impact on his right hand and
grapple it was pretty there at savage
shoulder crank it was pretty savage man
it's pretty savage and which what's
interesting is again it's not able to
see it let's watch it
very rare man look at that oh and did a
couple times dude I mean he's he fucked
his shoulder there and we all have
fucked up shoulders and everybody just
so bad such a weird joint yeah and for a
guy like John who first of all has
massive leverage this is a terrible Osmo
Kosmos a G he's a lot of Cozumel such a
bad man that's a doodoo watch sage
Northcutt in one Fc and nobody saw that
coming
I saw that like that was like brothers
totally what's gonna happen they want
that to happen for sure
there's something about one I've seen
I'm not I'm not saying the UFC wouldn't
do the exact same thing because they
absolutely would yeah but they would
love to have those guys coming and they
go over there and get their ass kicked
the only one who's like proved everybody
wrong it's not even proved everybody
wrong with proving his greatness in that
regard is DJ cuz DJ still dominating
Mighty Mouse is still dominating even
over there they're throwing their best
killers at him and he's still dominating
yeah but he's just so good he's so good
if you want to teach somebody like you
want to show somebody with like the best
is like my team yeah no argument I say
the goat is John Jones and I say the
goat is John Jones cuz Jon Jones's beat
everybody in his fucking division he's
never lost to anybody anybody you can't
look at John at John Jones the guys he'd
be fucking huge fucking insane he's huge
it's fucking insane look how big he is
he's so big so Chael Sonnen videos
excellent he says he's 230 plus pounds
and look not fat
gigantic so John I think John's the goat
John's beat everybody he turned back
every single challenge he's never lost
once the only fight that he has an L was
the disqualification of fight he was
totally dominant in that Hamill if
anything that fights should be changed
to a no contest and and also that rule
should be amended it's a silly rule it
doesn't make any super stupid rule it's
one of the dumbest rules that we still
keep it's again another thing where I
say like we all know it's stupid but
they don't change it you know it's crazy
dude it's not even the best elbow look
you know it's not the best elbow no
that's not the best elbow alright you're
an elbow expert you can speak to this
yeah you're stitching up no Shelley not
great
that's not a great elbow it's it's okay
one elbow from wait I like the downward
elbow is like its G ship for sure love
doing that for sure doing that if you
could step on a dude's thigh and own
Baucom right in the fucking dump oh yeah
I mean I've never been I'm not gonna
unblock anybody but like a jumbo boat
like I'm anytime I fought in Thailand I
always had at least one or two of those
in the fight I'm sure I'm gonna throw
that but that's not the power that's not
the most dangerous like they wait
you Nev told the story hundred times but
they thought because he could break
blocks of ice that that it's too
dangerous
that's said but meanwhile that that
position doesn't even exist on the
ground anyway if they understood
leverage of like the human body the
position of whoops the position of
standing I just killed the light oh
sorry we have this floating magnetic
light that I just killed what was I just
saying John Jones the goat Mighty Mouse
that's the only reason why John Jones
ever lost is because he did the downward
elbow right and most people thought that
stoppage is ridiculous come on man he
just won the fight he won the fight you
can't take it away from him for that and
that did that had almost no impact on
the fight he was going to fuck him up he
was fucking him up before that he was
gonna fuck him up there yeah don't do
they should take away that fool first of
all but - you can't take that and turn
it into a loss that's not a loss and
it's always a great area anyway when you
do the elbow you know we every time I
ask them about it and they're always
like you knows laws there's an arc you
show me an arc you watch that video you
could definitely show that there was
some sort of arc on some angle and it's
not that big a deal
my hand moans get his ass kicked anyway
who's getting the result there was not
changing the impact he was getting the
fight smashed by the goat that's really
what it was for sure so there's him John
Jones this is the top of the food chain
I think just but by results undeniable
but then technical its Mighty Mouse my
new Mouse is the most technically gifted
guy I've ever seen inside the Octagon I
don't mean gifted in any negative way
like he just didn't have to work for it
I mean talented I mean just but he puts
it together gifted in that he had Matt
Hume for an instructor for sure that's a
big factor because that
a real bona fide martial arts wizard and
he has been first since I can remember
and always was the guy that people were
talking about you know he knows so much
of rich Franklin with he was chap was
working with him - mm-hmm
and you know he actually fought Pat
Miletich way back in the day dude those
guys were like legit pioneers but Matt
Humes always been super super technical
so you got DJ who's like Matt Hume who's
like one of the great minds of the sport
and they got this a star pupil is like
the most spectacular talented and
technical fighter in terms of like just
overall technique
I think Mighty Mouse is the most
spectacular example of mixed martial
arts I've ever seen and as a as like a
champion and as a marketable person
never gets in trouble and super nice guy
super master if that would be a disaster
great but like John Jill Wilde
motherfucker that's what he is also a
wild motherfucker so be careful he's
wild he's gonna make mistakes gonna do
wild crazy shit he's also gonna open up
on Mauricio Shogun who are in the
youngest-ever time a person wins the UFC
title opens up that fight with a flying
knee cup I'm Mauricio Shogun hooah
who the fuck does that look you gotta be
a wild motherfucker sure you got your
tile fight you're 22 years old you're in
there with a fucking legend from Pride
and you open with a flying knee it's
staggering and when up stopping him
whatever
that's the goat that's the goat but then
he got Anderson Silva in his prime like
Sylvan his prime was terrifying when he
front kick Vitor in the face when
Anderson Silva was in his probably
smashed Chael Sonnen and the rematch
even when he caught Chael Sonnen a
triangle off his back and a fight where
he went into that fight what fucked up
ribs he probably shouldn't even take in
that fight and chill just kept taking
him down he couldn't stop the takedown
and eventually got him in a triangle off
his back it's like oh shit the Rich
Franklin fight oh my god Rich Franklin
it was like no one had like what is this
clinch that these do what is you know no
one it was that crazy for you to watch
because you already fighting more time
yeah and it was like Rich didn't know
how to defend the clinch but it was
still at that level on the thing
was fuckin phenomenal I mean it was a
phenomenal this spectrum well he was one
of the most technical strikers ever at
that point like we had never seen a guy
who moved that good and I had seen him
fight a bunch of times in Pride but then
when he went into greatness was like
when he was like 30 ish because that's
when he started fighting Cage Warriors
with Tony Franklin the men were Delbert
weld elbow on 23 :
and that's he fought goddamnit he fought
quite out Lee Murray that was a big one
that was when Lee Murray was a sorry
about killer we talk about Lee Murray
every time on the show
great story every time you have to talk
about ahead finish it don't see goddamn
Guy Ritchie movie yeah Lee Murray's a
Guy Ritchie movie he's a human Guy
Ritchie movie for people don't know who
is he he robbed a bank with a bunch of
other dudes and they got away with like
500 million dollars and then he jetted
off to Morocco for a little bit was
hiding out over there and then
eventually got caught and now he's in
jail and was actually at one point time
he was losing weight to try to slip in
between the bars he was convinced that
if he could get down to a certain weight
he'd get through the bars there should
be a there should be a movie about not
for sure I think guy Ritchie has got to
be on the case yeah anybody's making
that movie it's gonna be good
that'd be great but yeah it would be
great but uh Jorge Rivera - that was
another fight over there when he fought
Jorge Rivera in Cage Warriors that was
the one where he let him punch him in
the face remember that energy level
right in front about though he stood
right in front of him it's go ahead and
he punched him he turned said he punched
him he turns it and he's like marches
him down starts kicking oh wow it's
crazy see if you can find that remember
that it's one of those ones where mark
telegraphed a was in Jorge's corner and
he said he's seeing him punch Anderson
in the face like oh shit he's gonna fuck
him out oh she's gonna fire and he goes
when Anderson feels nothing and doesn't
even react like oh no oh no because I
mean he tees off with like several clean
punches on Anderson and Anderson's
letting him do it and then Anderson just
starts marching him down and beating
them up
that that was what I was accustomed to
so I got seen those big three fights
over in Cage Warriors and so then when
he came to the UFC and he fought Chris
Leben I was like oh my god bet the house
on the Brazilian for sure here it is
right here this is the fight and this is
and by the way that this organization
it's Cage Warriors right Cage Rage cage
rage yeah that's right warriors is a big
organization now and right okay that's
why cage raise rates
so this is our show net for fence
instead of uh - the chain-link fence
that the cargo that's right though this
organization had some great fights man
there was some really big fights that
came out of here were guys like these
two were going at it and then eventually
Anderson rolls on to become the the goat
and this was like Rivera had been
fighting in the UFC with much success he
was a good guy very tough guy but this
was this was a fight where you know
Anderson just kind of showed how far
ahead he is so he's standing right in
front of our March Goes Down I do
remember and at one point I'm just lets
him start punching them he just knew how
to move away from shit just enough and
the thing about a guy that fights like
Anderson it's you know he's such a
fucking insanely high level for these
three or four years this fight the Vitor
fight the two fights with Rich Franklin
like I really feel like for an athlete a
real elite athlete this is the time like
look at this he's like standing in front
of him in the clinch and he's letting
him punch him in the face he hit him
like three or four times in the face
like look at this this is this is a
scene look he's just letting him hit him
look look at this he's letting him hit
him and that's when Dayla grotty was
like oh no cuz Jorge is a big puncher
so for Anderson to clinch with him and
let him punch him in the face like that
and then just start marching him down
they were like how do we win this fight
and this was Anderson in his prime and
then Anderson in his prime well you know
when he fought Chris leave and that's
Anderson in his prime right there was
quite a few fights where he exhibited an
insane level of ability
yeah the leadmon fight was like oh my
god it was terrifying shit this dude
just fucking iced you yeah I had a proof
of
two friends come to that and I was
telling my dude go bet on this guy I
think he threw like a hundred percent
like it shot he threw was like dude yeah
everything landed haven't finished yeah
that was back in the day they didn't
know anything like the line the betting
lines they were wacky guys would come in
then people didn't know what I could
have them like that you got a bet on
that guy like bet on that guy they don't
know who he is
right oh my god he's gonna fuck
everybody up there was a few of those
guys but no better example than Anderson
like they're pretty hyped on Anderson
being here but he wasn't nearly it
should've been like a thousand to one
odds you know that was one of those
fights where he's just like oh my god
there's a perfect style to you know
Matador because Libre was so powerful
and so tough and he would take one to
give one like you can't take one to give
one with Anderson Silva not that
Anderson's like slick his feet and you
know it's not hard to hit but the way
Anderson pulled it off was like fucking
poetry man the combinations he hit him
with just poetry just you know if you're
a fan of like beautiful timing and poise
under pressure
cuz leoben's come in with nuclear bombs
right leavin knocked out vandala
remember and liebman's thing was he's
dangerous when you hit him it was
afternoon leaving as like for fights or
a couple fights in a row or like Liebman
got like drilled and went come back
probably rocked blindly and knock a guy
out cold there's a few fights like that
he had a few crazy Wars but when he
knocked out Wanderlei Silva I was like
holy shit Chris Leben you just knocked
out the ax murderer but he was that guy
if he clipped you man you had real
problems he's a tough motherfucker too
but that style was tailor-made for
Anderson so I think like there's an
argument about Anderson - there's an
argument like if you look at years you
know like years of being amazing there's
an argument that he's uh
I mean goddamn there was a few years
where Anderson was just almost
untouchable yeah but then you look at
like George st. Pierre ya know like good
argument there till what's this whole
career he was untouchable consistent and
then when he did lose a fight he came
back in like you know justified it and
did it well
think like he's got he's got to be up
there oh there's gotta be either at like
every level of the fight game yep right
now I would say right beyond her under
DJ yep he's he's in the conversation
right I think there's a real problem
with having a goat a goat because they
don't find different divisions of all
time and a long time hasn't happened yet
yeah it never ends you know but who the
fuck is gonna beat Jon's record like
Chuck Liddell in his day Chuck that was
like my idol my hero you know yeah he
was uh it was interesting that rampage
was his kryptonite mm-hmm you know
rampage was his kryptonite over in Pride
and it shows you like its styles you
know for sure
some guys have a style to beat certain
guys but some people will figure their
number out you know it's such a weird
sport man there's so many things going
on you know it's just your transition
from going through Muay Thai kickboxing
to MMA I mean you're one of the rare
guys like you and Gaston and there's a
few other dudes who have really competed
in all of the major combat sports
other than boxing heavy boxing fights I
said the u.s. record for the fastest
knock on US history of munchy boxing
debut thank you very much
no shit yep when was this five seconds
oh fuck no didn't even know you bombs
ago I had like three professional boxing
fights I have um 15 professionally I'm
an Arab professional amateur boxer vise
yeah I was probably uh Hollywood Park
Casino I thought a guy was supposed to
fight for an anti group Bart Fernando
Vargas his brother and he pulled out
like the week before the fight and they
got some guy from a wild card and this
guy like I lightest Mike Tyson I guess
he's like was his name
Italian guy and he had a Mike Tyson
tattoo on the side of his face he's got
you know black high tops with no snow
sucks and the black shorts we get in the
ring I'm like oh man this dude just
looks not there like not there you know
like a bad cop that go back complan just
see him on sight like this guy's not at
all there okay
like stares me down and I go back to the
corner and my coach we haven't been
trained in for the boxing fight but he's
like I was like man this dude's gonna
rust me so don't fucking kick him he's
gonna restaurant the bat it's like hit
him so like in boxing you kick boxing
they always like walks to the center
kind only like a quitter fight
boxing in MMA that you know you ready
over there any way over there ready to
go
so they he says you know ready to fight
ready to fight come on through and I
take like one step forward and I put my
left hand out cuz I know the guys gonna
rush me
and sure enough he just starts sprinting
he's like running over and he's gonna
throw the overhand right and I was like
oh shit and I drop step to the right
hand he ran into it knocked him out cold
noise five seconds so if I were to take
him it was tied for the world record at
the time or the world record was four
seconds the US record was five seconds
and if I would have taken one step for
one more step before I planted and put
my foot out Oh to set the record but
anyway yeah I have a pro boxing book
dude the first thing they're the the
first big thing that glory did at the
Forum was that the last man standing
event though the one that you were yes
last man standing was that the first big
event they did at the Forum first one at
the forum you
that was crazy a dank glory ten the year
before which is when I won the
tournament I thought arts him and Kengo
Shimizu
yeah the Artem Levin fight was awesome
and the knee that you caught him with on
the way down to is perfect man I still I
I guess isn't matter I won but I think I
knocked him out with a Superman and when
he was falling on the way I'm up I hate
about to me I will come on I've done a
couple times in my career in that crazy
you could actually wake someone up with
a punch you would think you wouldn't
care but it eats at me at night I'm like
fuck it had that you know never know
though that's speculation right right I
don't know Adam fucked up from the punch
to but I felt like the need did more
damage I felt like it helped won't see
it yeah absolutely it was yeah uh Joe
shilling drops Artem Levin and he was a
bad motherfucker man he's that guy's so
interested bad motherfucker interesting
style you know weird like tricky he's
like a real like a real technician very
like slick very hard to hit and he'll
throw shit with like
no telegraphing particularly low kicks
they come out of nowhere there's no step
he just smacks him in there on you
sometimes like he'll do it all he's
alive always changeup speeds and if you
ever watch like a fade or fight he does
like a lot of like I don't if you'll
understand it but like bah Russian
boxing is a little different they have
like a little different footwork and
their movements and stuff made or if a
toy does come with that stuff and arts
him for sure does it a lot yeah he's
he's slick man he's real slick this is a
great fucking fight by the way this is
the this is the very end so arts him
what is real tall and he's real real
hard to hit I had a real hard time
reaching him with punches so every time
I would throw the right hand he would
lean back just out of just out of range
where I couldn't reach him and that's
why I threw the Superman punch so I
could just let some of this roll a few
feet farther just yeah let's roll you
just let it roll doesn't matter my
favorite knockout of yours ever though
was Simon Marcus that was crazy
that was crazy cuz that was a wild ass
fight and you were there at four round
and you were there for it we thought
leave the arena that night my god dude
that gave me hope for kickboxing it
really did it gave me a lot of hope for
hit boxing because I was like the forum
is fucking packed and the fights were
wild man I mean it was a wild event when
you threw that right hand haymaker and
caught Simon Marcus on the chin you see
his jaws snap sideways and his
mouthpiece go flying out that was one of
the prettiest knockouts ever and also
because of the fact the fight was so
close it was so much chaos that fight
was wild dude and he dropped you in the
second was in the second round you up
cigarette and it was like hosh it was a
fucking war man there was so much heavy
bombing on each other and this is a
tournament you had to fight four times
that night three times three times dude
and we had fought twice in the past and
we had a lot of a lot of animosity oh
yeah I mean yes tension a lot of tension
a lot of animosity we uh just
competitive drive glory kind of got big
in the u.s. we're just after we had
started Muay Thai it started growing in
the US lion fight started doing well
and a lot of that happened because of
Simon and ice two fights in lion
fighting like I started can't stop crazy
we started doing our own interviews
we're like giving like talking shit back
and forth like there was like a hype
behind I know think we bet our first per
hour purse for the fight Wow on our
first fight yeah first fight
we bet our purses mine was a little
bigger so I matched his purse but it was
still like in the media it was like
knowing that we were betting our persons
on the fighters we sold out of the Hard
Rock the pond or whatever fur was the
Pearl the pond the curl the pond
yeah you had some wild fights with him
so there's a we came back to later he'd
beat me twice beat me twice so you had
to give him up your purse yeah how bad
that so I was like 6 grand but I wasn't
making like not only it was that much
was like I think he made like 3 grand I
made like my home with like a thousand
bucks but the time was a lot it sucked
it was terrible and I wanted to rematch
and then we had to rematch then there
was contrary behind that too and then
years later we fought and glory and it
was like Redemption I knocked him out in
the extra rounds it was Oh fourth round
man yeah I'll never forget it because
after the third I was like what they
gotta go one more round of this cuz it
was such a fucking crazy fun is gonna
bring this up glad you brought that up
so no were they everybody's talking
about this week in the fight where the
Drysdale they were telling me just stop
the fight yes and he was like Drysdales
like just trying to be a coach try to
keep going everywhere there's a lot of
people are saying if the fighter says he
doesn't want to do it anymore whatever
that's Simon Marcus fight after three
rounds now I didn't wasn't begging my
coach to stop it but I did not want to
go and another fucking round and I was
like often I win and I think you have to
do one more and I'm like fuck I can't do
one more I don't want to do one more I
can't do one one my coach is like
fucking you can do it when we're out
yeah and we do it boom nope that's not
the punch a lot of fighters experience
that and it's the coach's job I think to
keep them to try to keep them going so
I'm on a LAN Drysdale side on that but
ultimately he didn't fight anyway they
stopped it yeah well ultimately he did
but it was very very controversial but I
get drysdale position and listen in red
respect like after the conversation is
over yeah maybe he should have called it
when the guy said call it but in the
moment he doesn't know that he can't
talk the guy in the fighting and then
maybe the guy wins like you don't know
what a person's psychological mindset is
like unless you train with that person
right and there are some people that you
can talk into performing better right
that said he took a lot of fucking
punishment that second round right
mm-hmm
maybe he knew something maybe maybe it
was a good thing to stop there's some
times when your body's just broken
there's some times when you shouldn't go
on and this debate I think is very
healthy the debate of whether or not the
coach was right or whether or not the
guy was right look ultimately the guy's
right because he can't go on so he
doesn't and he he quits and he's you
know that's his decision what he only
only he knows what was going on with his
body you remember when Jeremy McClelland
got criticized for taking a knee against
Nigel Benn I don't know if you remember
it but it was uh that's the fight that
put John McClellan in a coma and and or
severely handicapped him right Jeremy
Cleland at the time was a fucking
assassin man he was so scary but he was
another guy that cut way too much weight
he cut a lot of weight man it was hard
for him he was really big and so when he
would get into the I forget if he's
fought 168 I think he was fighting a Roy
Jones is division he's a 168 or 175 yet
pull up Gerald McClellan versus Nigel
Benn this was the dark destroyer because
Nigel Benn it was a wild ass fight to
nine just got crazy dreadlocks and
Jeremy Ellen
knocked him through the ropes in the
first round because he would smash
people he would just smash people he was
such a crunk guy right so he fought like
a crunk I just moving forward behind the
jab big right hands just nasty vicious
puncher well Nigel Benn gets up and he
makes it through the round and and then
turns into a war and then general
McClellan starts getting tired and then
they clash heads and then Nigel Benn
hits with a couple punches late in the
fight and when Nigel Benn hit him see
like this is early on I mean this is
look like this go a little earlier than
this so we could see this combination
but this was Jeremy Cleland and
everybody was like real keen on him
fighting Roy Jones jr. this is when Roy
Jones was in his prime and this
like the big challenge was Gerald
McClellan Roy Jones jr. everybody was
thinking that was eventually gonna have
to happen because Gerald was just
smashing people and Nigel Benn was tough
man
fucking tough but look at this boom boom
boom he's like he's out man and he falls
through the fucking ropes you could see
he's like really out of it but so tough
and so conditioned that he makes it back
Lou that barely can get through the
ropes
got a lot of seconds there though right
that's probably more than 10 seconds so
anyway and look at the referee there's
more seconds and Gerald still teeing off
on them and Nigel survives it doesn't
seem like he's gonna survive but he
fucking survives so then late in the
fight Nigel's making a comeback so
scooch way ahead here and when Nigel
starts teeing off on Gerald and Gerald's
punches are coming real slow and he's
getting tired and Nigel starts
connecting and I mean the crowd is going
fucking bananas it is a wild ass fight
and at one point in time they headbutt
and then Nigel hits him with some
punches and McClellan takes a knee and
everybody's like I can't believe this
he's gonna quit he's gonna quit and then
he goes to his corner and then he slumps
and and goes unconscious like he knew
something was wrong and anybody anybody
that criticizes in the moment you know
they were saying I can't believe he's
doing this I can't believe he's fucking
he's just gonna quit but he knew
something was really off only the
fighter knows I mean maybe it's
psychological but maybe something's
wrong man maybe he can't think maybe his
brain is just fucked
maybe knows he's not gonna be able to
punch right maybe he knows there it is
so he goes down and just decides to stay
down he's like something is fucking
really wrong he's like out of it and you
see this is I mean Gerald
something looks wrong something looks
wrong you know he's hurt bad and Nigel
Benn is moving in for the fucking kill
and he drops in there with an uppercut
and this is where he quits see now this
is where like you see him he's
struggling man but if I remember
correctly the commentators were shocked
that he decided to stay down
yeah he's quit so they said it that way
and you know I think they were you know
expressing some shock that he quit and
pretty pumped that Nigel been beat him
but they didn't know you know and Gerald
McClellan that injury scared the fuck
out of everybody because he was you know
one of the golden guys he was one of the
guys that everybody was excited about it
was like if if that happened today you
know - Ryan Garcia or someone like that
you know someone who's you know real
exciting up-and-coming dude someone
who's you know Canelo like if Canelo
just I guess canal was a bigger star
than Gerald but when someone who's of
that nature like an elite super elite
fighter winds up going into a coma like
that that's fucking terrifying shit and
he came out of it okay no no didn't he
died no he's all fucked up all right he
can't see and you know it's been some
videos of Roy Jones jr. visiting them
but apparently that was responsible for
Roy Jones kind of altering a style and
being very safety first and really yeah
and and just thinking about eventually
you know getting out of the sport which
is ironic right because you wanna
fighting later and later and later and
it was life I mean his last fight just a
couple years ago right right it's crazy
so wild a sport you're enjoy chilling
yeah all the aspects of it whether it's
boxing or Muay Thai or MMA and when is a
Bellator gonna start having fights again
I don't know I have to play it safe huh
I guess so they don't have a fight
Island I guess but yeah no crowds
they're lettin people do that are they
doing that when the UFC has done a few
of I'm a nerd UFC's done it they test
the fuck out of you yeah I was there
with Daniel Rodriguez that's right and
yeah Bravo
you know and yeah we were tested every
tested we first got there they made to
take our temperature every day then they
just they bought the hell out the whole
hotel so there was yeah yeah I was there
we're social distanced all times yeah I
think it's um I know I was in there for
that one that was the Vegas one right
I think it's uh it's okay the way
they're doing it it's it's working out
for everybody guys get in a fight we're
all getting a seed that like that says
something about Ferguson versus gay gee
to have that in an empty arena was there
something wild about it for sure there's
something wild about no crowd for sure I
think it had everything I think it added
I mean I don't think it's the right way
to do it I think it's best with a crowd
but it's not a bad thing to have no
crowd no yeah it's mean maybe guys could
fight better - there might be guys who
can like stay more calm because there's
less energy yeah for sure I could see a
lot of people feeling that way probably
yeah probably right but goddamn they've
had some fucking wild fights that gay
Chi Ferguson fight wasn't so what anyway
how do you know how do you watch that
fight and you're not a tremendous fan of
both of them I'm sure both of them both
yeah yeah I mean both of them
dude gage E is a stud the fact he just
figured out they just figured out how to
just take a little bit off take a little
bit off step away a little bit sometimes
come in at angles faint sometimes don't
just Maul people cuz he was just he was
breaking people's will before no I think
Trevor Woodman and his relationship is
like really special yeah and a lot to do
with in him being able to say exactly
what he needed to hear to do what they
did that was really it was really
impressive there's that for sure Lee
Whitman's a bad motherfucker and he's
very smart and he got he loves gauging
he loves his athletes and he loves his
sport no doubt about that with you know
Trevor's a wizard he really is but gage
he's something special man something
special about that kid's mind no it's
his body for sure he's got you know
awesome skills one of the best like leg
kickers in the clinch I think I've ever
seen right like he knows how to like wow
you're tying up in the clinch you'll
fuckin just a little little step and a
nasty leg kick he's fuckin a gas tank
and a workhorse and a fucking throwing
bombs and like and walks to the cage
like he's getting to his truck to go to
work in the morning like there's almost
like there's no emotions there's nothing
no nerves no weirdness no craziness I
don't remember the exact quotes I'm
gonna
they're saying it but it was something
fuckin iconic his fuck he was talking
about the fighters accuse me they're
knocking your honor I'm gonna knock him
out unless yeah anyway it's gonna be and
it was he said it way better than that
but he's right no way you could read it
and not respect the fuck out of him the
way he said it was dope that's the way
he fights to I mean cool dude
even the fights that he's lost the poor
a fight and the Eddie Alvarez fight
fucking amazing fights man and he almost
lost the Michael Johnson fight Michael
Johnson had a Bayern real estate on
queer Street he was dancing all over the
place I mean it was it was wild that he
survived that Jose Johnson has a nasty
left hand and he clipped him with
several punches like big shots he had
gage you wobbled like real wobble that's
one of those fights could have easily
gone the other way
eat Johnson could have caught him one
more shot mmm before you yeah it was
anyone anyone could have that fight and
poor yeas leg was shot man he chops legs
like nobody man crazy cuz he came out is
a wrestler wrestler never wrestled no
never but that's what makes him so
dangerous for khabib right cuz khabib is
the wrestler who always wrestles
obviously showed you could drop connor
obviously shows he's fast as fuck with
his hands on his feet he's drop guys
before but he's not going he's not a
kickboxer in the sense that like gage he
is right when you see gage he fighting
he's basically a kickboxer I mean with a
wrestling background skills so that you
can't take him down so he's forcing the
kickboxing but he stands straight up you
know he's standing like a striker he
stands like a striker like so does uh
Jorge Masvidal
yeah he stands straight up Manny
striking is really like really good does
it get his fight with me it was fucking
awesome nasty he's so good man so good
so clap so good so funny he's hilarious
I think he's hilarious I really like
both those guys you know what else he is
he's fucking mean that's a mean dude
there's something like when when they
asked him about the Ben Askren shot was
it necessary to punch him again on the
ground goes it was super necessary there
sir that became like a big hashtag super
necessary hilarious hilarious buddy man
he's in the fucking hurt game you can't
play your bullshit for sure nonsense
in the hurt
and if everybody's picking a gimmick or
whatever then trying to push them was
trying to be Conner why not be yourself
who's fuckin late
ya mean you're you're mean yeah and soon
talented so so lik so much experienced
people oh no that guy knocked out Eve
Edwards with a head kick and Bodog
mm-hmm
Eve AdWords Eve Edwards is a slick
striker
especially back then that was he ved
words when Eve Edwards was arguably the
best 155 pounder in the world that was
after he knocked out Josh Thompson that
highlight reel where he throws that that
round kick spinning backfist and he
throws around kicking catches him right
in the net still like the UFC's yep clip
and it's Josh buck and Thompson toughest
guys never live another monster another
monster I mean that was the last guy to
knockout Nate before yeah before Bosma
Dahl had stopped him he was the first
guy to ever stop Nate right you know and
Josh is as good as it gets you know when
you see that fight mean that was two
guys who easily could have done the same
to each other and just time didn't play
that way weight landed the perfect shot
he was a neck kick it was just fucking
spectacular at that time Eve was thought
to be absolutely one of the very best
fighters in the world probably the best
one fifty five pounder a lot of butter
the UFC changed the division they gave
up the 155 division back then I remember
it was very disheartening yeah some was
like there's so much talent this
division but they were hemorrhaging
money man this is all pre Ultimate
Fighter they didn't know what they were
doing in terms of like the future they
were four million dollars in debt
they're like what are we doing gonna
sell this we're gonna keep it they just
had their balls though
Lorenzo Fertitta Frank Fertitta and Dana
went all three of them have balls they
were just like let's just glitch this
ride let's let it ride they were calling
Dana up go and look for a buyer let's
find a buyer we got to get out of this
like we're not gonna lose our family's
fortune we're 44 million dollars in the
hole and this Cagefighting shit
obviously this is too brutal for America
they're not really into it but then they
figured it out that ultimate fighter
show they financed the whole show paid
for all of it pay for the whole thing
paid to be on the network and then BOOM
that one final fight with Forrest
Griffin and Stephan Bonnar and these two
crazy fucks are beating the shit out of
each other and it is a wild melee of a
fight and then
viewership just keeps going up during
the fight millions and millions of
people watched during the fight like
tuned in extra people tuned in because
people are calling the friends like bro
you gotta watch it
this is nuts and this affect people do
you even know what it was like what is
this what do they got little gloves on
what is happening here before the
Ultimate Fighter there was fans of UFC
or cage fighting or whatever but they
didn't really get to know who Chuck
Liddell was that much you didn't get to
know those people and with the Ultimate
Fighter it was yeah
they got to know these people there was
like a thing that grew and then you saw
this insane fight it was yeah couldn't
have played out better yeah I mean
Gooden to play it out better goddamn
they nailed it and then BOOM
and that was a Craig polygyny show he
was a guy who did survivor like he knew
how to do those reality shows really
dude he's a G he's one of the like the
greats
in terms of that genre that guy knows
how to make those fucking shows that's
why it was so good you know it didn't
feel like a clunky reality show it was a
fun reality show to watch so that
although they're bringing it back by the
way
Paulo Costa in Israel out of Sanya
oh really yeah really holy shit tell me
not gonna watch the a because you're
gonna watch that that fight is a wild
fight man yeah you know because is he is
he at John Jones though I wanna say I do
too
I do too but is in Costa has to happen
mister when you see what Kosta did to
Yoel Romero walking down Yoel Romero who
the fuck walks down Yoel Romero there's
a picture I put up on my Instagram of
him head kicking Romero I mean just
clean just clean
chandi the head and you see Romero's
crazy skull like turned sideways I'll
tell you something that Dana White told
me they yo al had an injury in one of
his fights it's some sort of fractured
orbital some some some minor fracture of
his uh around the bone around his eye
after the fight yeah after the fight
during the fight he got it right after
the fight they sent him to a doctor
the doctor calls UFC and goes where did
you find this guy and they go yeah he's
a stud right no no you don't understand
like I've never
Sego the guy was like I've practiced
medicine for almost 50 years he was I've
never seen a person who's built like
this
he said the tendons in his eyes are
three times larger than a normal
person's like here's it the is that it
oh that's one of them he had kicked him
several times but there's one image
there's an image that I had on my
Instagram that it's it's so crazy it
just kept beating him yeah head kicks
over no oh this is the entire thing
probably just dare it is that was the
one that was on my Instagram he's just
head kicked him over and over in look at
that that's the picture what the fuck
man the guy's just made out of metal and
all the guys who fight him say that too
like Luke Rock look at that I mean come
on man he just could Derek Brunson just
clanged his shin off of his head that
yeah you're right Uriah Hall and him
we're gonna fight that's a great fight
artist 20 seconds but he's the most
terrifying specimen so the doctor was
saying like what is going on with this
guy like he's built like no person I've
ever seen in my life and so what the UFC
was trying to figure out was Cuba has
always had a very aggressive athlete
program and they've been involved in all
kinds of weird shenanigans and they're
tightly connected to the Soviet Union
particularly back then and he was on the
Cuban Olympic team and you know Soviet
Union's done some really weird shit when
it comes to you know like experiments on
athletes and you saw the movie Icarus
right to receive that movie so you need
to see that I might have seen it it's
it's about tell me about it this guy who
is he's worked the guy who made the
document what is Brian's last name again
the guy who made it pull up the image of
its root it's a net flick Icarus focal
that's right sorry Bryant
I smoke too much we need so he's this is
what so would he design what Brian
decides to do is film himself competing
in an endurance race a bike race and
then do it the next time next year
juiced up so he does one year and he
does this whole thing and then he gets
in touch it's an amazing documentary
then he gets in touch with this Russian
guy who's gonna teach him how to do it
and this Russian guy works for the
Russian anti-doping agency or whatever
they call it over there and the Russian
guy in the middle of this happening in
the middle of doping him up it turns out
that they catch the fact that the
Russian team had basically taking in the
Sochi Olympics they basically taken all
of the piss that was that like the clean
pair the the piss of people of the
samples they removed them through a hole
in the wall and replaced them with clean
piss so every single athlete had their
piss wiped out and this guy who's the
Russian guy is explaining this all to
this Brian Fogle guy while this is all
going down the news he just stepped in
shit so this is all going down the news
that they caught the Russian the Russian
sports whatever the fuck they are did
they figured out these there's micro
scratches inside these bottles that
indicate that there were these removal
unremovable bottles had actually been
removed and they figured out how to do
it with some sort of a tool but the tool
left scratches on and they figured this
out and they found this hole in the wall
like a hole that big with a wood I would
hand you some dirty pissed you would
hand me some clean piss I'd replace the
piss and so they did that with all the
athletes so all the Russian athlete most
likely Jews to the fucking gills
no no they did it badly just pissed but
his perspective was it was their job to
be on steroids they all were on steroids
this wasn't like they didn't get to
choose it wasn't like they're cheating
like the government is making sure you
cheat we're gonna take care of you right
dude it's crazy crazy he's an amazing
documentary so what happens when he
everybody could witness protection
program so the guy comes to America oh
yeah everybody's smashing oh no no he
actually got injured a bunch and
actually his time sucked and the second
one and I think his battery broke
like something broke on his bike
something fucked up on his bike too like
he had some problems and we supposed to
do it well that steroids work and
instead he proved that bleep it's
injured right but along the way he
didn't you know he didn't plan a plan on
doing really good on juice but he just
got fucked up a bunch of times and he
wound up being hurt and didn't perform
that well the won the Oscar for Best
Documentary loved him and he should have
it's amazing but once he did it and he
starts interacting with his Russian cat
who's teaching him how to do all this
stuff what does the guys named Gregor
off you're Yuri what's his name
Gregor he's goddamn Russian names oh
there it is okay Gregory Rudd chenkov
yeah that is so that's the guy and I
mean he basically spills all the beans
so once he realizes like he's on the run
by the way they take away his family's
money they take away all that they take
with her home they made him homeless
they made his family homeless he had to
leave behind his wife and his his kids
like he's fucked like it's not good and
she's hiding in America he's probably in
South Dakota right now a dive bar would
fucking for goon standing over shoulders
looking out for Russians I mean he's
fucked and and he told the whole truth
of how they did it why they did it the
way they've done it always in the past
and it's not a coincidence that Russia
like the amount of gold medalists they
got from that one Olympics was just
staggering and then the Olympic
Committee removed them from the next one
like they weren't able to compete like a
lot of the sports they weren't able to
compete in the next one yeah yeah it's
it's crazy but he was also detailing how
crazy it is that the Olympic Committee
and the world Doping agency the wada is
it wada
whichever one it was to test them
they're all like they work for each
other like this guy will go to work for
there and that guy will go to work right
here they're all they're all buddies
we're friends over here Carl Lewis he's
a good guy he's a good guy get rid of
that piss here take my piss on me clean
this and you know that was one of the
things that they had said about like
Lance you know like Lance
I'm strong getting tested for Tour de
France like hey fucking everybody's on
it have you got a dirty sport man like
if you want to take away Lance
Armstrong's what is it a green shirt or
something like that what do you get
yellow jersey for being a bad
motherfucker on a bike if you want to
give it to the next person in line 6 it
was like 18th place something fucking
astronomical bilberry what about it
seems like our psycho is better than
your psycho right like that's what it is
you're all a bunch of fucking nuts
you're all taking drugs like the from
Russian from the Russian perspective
those gold medals were worth it to them
to fucking ruin that guy's life for
lying about it right yes well they want
to kill him for sure they wanted to kill
we're going off whatever his name is the
Russian scientists they wanted to kill
him that's why he's hiding he's probably
gonna have to hide for the rest of his
life I mean this is just the the life he
chose terrifying man just really
terrifying but also the same thing that
happened in China Beijing Olympics
Chinese won like they want somebody go
about it wasn't it like they liked the
little tiny gymnastic girls were on
juice or some layoffs sure they lose all
the ballerina chicks like walking on the
beam you imagine juicing up a little
baby like you're gonna do the best
backflips honey take a little this Anna
drawl 50s get a big old fucking we're
gonna band your feet up really small and
lose all your toes so that you can stand
on your toe better you know they do that
they have ya there's to be a thing like
China would they would take babies and
when they're females and baby or
whatever they would like tie their their
feet up really tight so their feet would
not grow and it'd be really small yeah
but that was just for aesthetics right
it was like a sign of something yeah the
old women can't walk because their feet
are tiny because whatever because have
you ever seen the images of the feet
when they bind him well you're about to
Jamie
Chinese foot binding it's like people do
weird shit man like I have friends who
have those big ear holes like that's
okay
shout out to boogie
friend rich Martinez the big he's got
big old ear holes I had a student at the
gym that I'm like Brady can't spar with
that you're gonna be a little fight like
that it's like no it's cool he would
take the big hole and flip it over the
top right you can spar bit look at that
lady's feet you look terrible
bro look how her toes are tucked under
her feet so her little toe is tucked
under and she stands on her toenail and
it's dug into a groove in her foot just
goes to show you how flexible people
aren't pliable like look at her they're
standing around where their husband is
like mm still too big look at that
that's so nasty look at her feet man go
that's a little juice for her go back to
another picture of her with her feet out
that's crazy man imagine doing that to
yourself that has to hurt like hell
she's looking down on him yeah and they
hurt like hell for you know years yeah
right forever
you're right well yeah just to the
process oh yeah to get to that start to
get to that yeah well that's it's crazy
it's absolutely crazy that they do that
but and look at those little tiny shoes
that she's wearing I mean it is
absolutely crazy but it's almost crazier
what they used to do the heads like in
ancient cultures where they would
flatten heads out to make them look like
aliens and stretch them out ever seen
any of that while they're alive yeah
when they were young they would take
babies and while the children were young
and one of this is a really freaky thing
when they started finding these skulls
they're like what are we looking at are
these aliens they were trying to figure
it out because your skull is a lot more
pliable than you think especially when
you're young yeah baby it's really
really soft so they they've developed
this like thing where they would put
like planks on the side of the kid's
head fucking clamp it down and they
would stretch their head out like an
anchor it's like nobility to have a
large skull or no man I think it's I
don't know when Africa they put like
those gold lasat weighted rings around
the woman's neck and then it looks like
their neck is really long but really
they just like compress their shoulders
down yeah they have like and it's super
bad for the neck it off your necks your
heads gonna fall off sure like that's
holding your head up now they probably
snore terrible too
right yeah those rings hmm
you got anything for me the article said
that it's the reason why they did that
was similar to the reason Victorian
women would do the waste stuff it was
like a status symbol
hmm so like three inches was the best
four feet four inches is a little better
five inches and above was like I look at
that waist that's so gross oh and it
wasn't there at another time I think
maybe was before this where like being
fat was like a sign of nobility or what
yeah if you're a fat you're like a fat
chicks where were the things that showed
you had money yeah yeah when I was in
Thailand
the guys would always wear like white
white powder all over their face like
bleaching powder because if if you were
to tan then it showed that you were like
a worker and you worked outside so
everybody would always try to like
bleach their skin white it's crazy
yeah that's dark yeah I know I always
have like umbrella they didn't want Sun
they like hiding from the Sun all the
time they don't wanna get too dark nurse
Rachel Filipino lady she was explaining
that to us that that's uh one of the
reasons why people like glutathione
glutathione apparently can make your
skin lighter in some doses what else is
glutathione glutathione is something
that helps you recover from alcohol it
helps your body process alcohol a little
bit better it's got a bunch of functions
I'm the wrong person to ask
it's real good for you you want a
liposomal glutathione it's the best
terms of like unless you get IV you
could take it as a supplement but it's
good for it actually helps you get over
hangovers in SH it doesn't completely do
it but it gives you like a little extra
boost so you get like the hotel room IV
in Vegas that's what they're giving you
they're giving you glutathione if you
ask for it yeah you should ask for it if
you want to get one of them hotel IV
jammies Jaime not get one once a week
right yeah we get IV vitamin drip and we
get a nad nad fuck up nad for you
what do dama it actually helps keep you
younger it also keeps your body
performing younger and maybe even
lengthens your telomeres telomeres which
are an indication or an indicator of
your age as your telomeres get as you
get older they get smaller they get
shorter and this stuff apparently can
somehow or another lengthen it nad has
two general sets of reactions in the
human body what does a de D stand for
was this does it say what it stands for
it means something
it's like short for say it's like what's
that picture right there yeah does it
break down what it I know is you're four
means something it has a name this is it
can you google what does nad mean oh
there it is nicotinamide and Neen
dinucleotide that's pretty good I'm
tired
I used my monkey brain and now I'm tired
helps turning nutrients and energy as a
key player metabolism and working as a
helper molecule for proteins that
regulate other cellular functions this
is like a normal thing that a lot of
people have or this is like a special
Joe Rogan's secrets no get it they sell
it people can get it it's not cheap but
it's very good for you feel great yeah
it's just uh I'm getting old and I'm
willing to try anything like 52 and you
still like working out you're like okay
what do I have to do what else together
what do I have to do what's the dude do
yeah
and I'm only willing to do so much cuz
it feel like well you got to drink water
and no more alcohol forever I'm like huh
or or what's the other option
I live less but I enjoy it more you
drink a little more water and you can
still drink alcohol I have a complex
life I need a little booze every now and
then I really do I need a break I need a
break I need a break from
responsibilities I need a break from
anxiety I need a break from just
thinking from people's opinions from war
from chaos from arguments I mean it's
crazy times right now
if I didn't just smoke a joint drink a
beer no let it let it all sink in you
know the people that doehner fascinating
like what are you doing with all of it
right yeah how you don't like me what do
you what are you what are you doing
started getting into I've got something
here I've got something here book that
I've been reading
it's called breath it's by this guy
James nest door fascinating shit on the
importance of breathing exercises really
fascinating really fascinating breathing
exercises for what for all sorts of
things for well you know it's one of
things that wim HOF has always said
about breathing exercises that you
actually can enhance your immune system
and thank you sir regulate your
metabolism
this guy's an upcoming guest so I just
got into it last night I'm fucking
loving it oh yeah would you read about
me before I came on I didn't read that
you had a boxing career oh oh there you
go I know you might take us five
podcasts to get there I know right I
knew about your fights pushing for the
record are you um are you able to fully
train right now like what is the rules
not really you know my gym just opened
back up and yeah is everybody after
distance is like hit it back six feet
apart from each other I think if you
probably came in with a measuring tape
90 percent of the time we are within
that my gym is about seven thousand
square feet and the average class is
about twelve people in it okay so you
know nice piece of property there and we
have a huge roll-up door so it's almost
open air with the fans going to stuff
but we take everybody's temperature
before they come in and you know we're
not actually sparring or anything like
that
yeah a lot of gyms are starting to open
up now and just kick boxing in or shadow
boxing and hitting bags and things along
those lines but it's it's been great for
me and getting back because I was I
started to lose it there I think
sometimes you know stuck at home it's uh
were you working out at home
I built like a home gym and I was doing
my thing and I was trying to run and
stuff but it's just not it's not this
you know and the students start coming
back and and it you don't see how bad
they were when they came back mentally
but you see over the course of like a
week or two of them working out every
day how much more they open up how much
more normal they see how much happier
they are and then they start letting the
hand out of the bag like man I was in a
dark spot it's like I meant having an
absolute blast I teach we have four
classes a day I'm teaching all the
classes right now and I think that's
love on it that's beautiful
I'm happy to hear that and I'm happy to
hear you're able to open again I think
that's awesome your shit is no joke man
it's no joke she's a real fucking thing
it's a big part of why people are so
angry right now
right cuz you know there's a lot of
people out there that you know maybe
they do spin or maybe they do whatever
the fuck they've been doing they can't
do it right now they can't do any of it
there's so many people that are like
losing their livelihood yeah you know I
think there's a lot of people that live
like corporate life or have normal jobs
and I'm not talking shit about that but
like put yourself in someone's shoe that
for they invested everything they owned
everything they had they put in all
their work following this American dream
this dream is whatever dream and for 14
years 15 years they invested everything
in and then this weird flu comes along
and they can't do their business anymore
through no fault of their own no fault
of their own and it's like well they
should have had some money push suicide
or save decide or whatever how come
these giant these airplane companies
that have been making billions of
dollars for years and years and they get
a bailout right they get the bailout but
but uh
Lolita's fucking whatever
well the dirty smart is if they don't
bail out the the airlines
daehan's are not gonna employ all those
people and then everyone's fucked even
further so they look at that like this
is something we need because we need it
for business we need for people to be a
little travel around
we need these planes run and we're not
gonna be able to do it ourselves but the
dirty secret is there's not enough money
to fix everything there's not enough
money to pay all the people all the
money that we're making during the time
off and then my shout out to my boy John
Thomas and Ohio my buddy I went to high
school with Becca know how he has a
couple of pizzerias and I think they're
over they're allowed to open back up now
but as employees a lot of his employees
aren't coming back to work because they
make more money on
employment whom they ever did before ma
is they have an excuse if they make more
money on unemployment than they were
actually earning working there and they
don't have to go back to work because
they could say they're scared of kovat
fuck listen I get it it was one of those
I feel I came in I wanna die from
cooking pizza bitch I go oh yeah for
sure I don't want to get out with you
especially if you're a fat guy anyway I
can just hang out at home play call of
duty and get paid more or risk my life
to make pizza I just can't wrap my brain
around people still buying into all this
shit is the fucking flu people die of
the flu every year a lot of them died
our friend our friend Eve Edwards was
sick as fuck was sick for like weeks at
a time in and out of the hospital the
Seebeck in like December now you're
either tell me that kovin 19 was here
before that or it's the flu but now when
he get palace now let's go over 19 but
then it was the flu other processes
antibodies that they test that's how
they find out they do an antibody test
burn and they say oh you did have Kovac
19 but look I had a buddy of mine who
came in here who's fucking convinced
he's like I know I had it I was so sick
nothing hmm nothing he was like what oh
baby no bad test he's preggers dude Bill
Irwin did you see the UH
mmm going ham on this debate did you see
the guy and Tanzania it's like the
president of Tanzania know what he was
so good Jamie she loved he's like the
president in Tanzania in like Africa
right and it's got like super thick
accent and he said you know something's
going on here people they sent us the
Cova to the Cova tests and we tested we
took we took taking tests or however
many tests and I took the dragon fruit
and we tested the inside of the javelin
fruit and we wrote Charles whatever and
we tested it off and it was inconclusive
and we took a goat and I tested the goat
and I wrote his name was Sandra and
she's 30 years old and works whatever
and we tested her and she was positive
and then I did another one with a
chicken and it came back positive and
another one with whatever he tested all
this random stupid shit and got like
positive positive inconclusive
inconclusive makes sense if you're
testing fruit positive might make sense
if it's really contagious to animals if
they're you're in an area that has a
high concentration of people that have
the disease or fuckin scratch ticket
there's no way guys stop buying this
bullshit
so you just bullshit you just think it's
what do you think those people are dying
them is just another cold I think it's a
real bad flu and it's flu season we're
getting sick know that but kovat 19 the
thing is a real thing I know it's a real
okay I know that's real you know these
people are dying in a way that's not
consistent with dying from the flu right
some of them are dying real weird ways
yeah yeah maybe it's real it's real I
know what you're saying it's real in a
little bit of a way I'm a little bit
fucking around them a little bit but you
a little bit like this is not that much
different from the food that we do
should have killed our society we killed
the world's whole economy yeah the
fucking whole world over a thing that
killed they that kills less than 1% of
people right and how do we get it back
how do we get the world back how do we
get it back to normal
no one knows there's no road loop no one
no one no clue and here's the thing
though this is one thing in support of
like those hardcore business folks like
they're the ones who want this shit back
to normal
more than anybody right there in like
deep shit right now that's why the
economy is still doing so well they it
shows you how bullshit the economy is
with the stock market is doing great
this stuff the stock market there's days
where the stock market's up like how
I'll show me your math how is your stock
market up there's so much fuckery going
on and then it's like we're supposed to
trust the who right and the who says one
thing and then the next day so let's
call the World Health Organization
because the who is awesome right you
know come on man I'm a child of the 80s
the who is the way there were things the
World Health Organization ouchy yeah
those people
well the saddest one was when he said
that the only reason he told people not
to wear masks is because we didn't have
any one the other shit how about the
time we told him well then like a week
later or a week after
or before these like oh well you know
masks don't actually work but it just
shows solidarity and it's a sign that we
should do this and I'm like what and
then the other chick does 90% of her
half of all positive tests are false
positives dude so this is normal like
it's so much fucker going on much
fuckery but so much fucking it's also
they're learning on the job you know
they're trying to figure out what this
thing is and isn't on the job and they
can't just be honest you know and say
they did you know we made mistakes this
is what we thought you know how we think
differently but people died sorry
you know they can't say that people died
in nursing homes that our government
made them take sick people weather or
whatever it's not government New York
right that's a dark choice man and then
Cole Moe's brother is on CNN like I'm
locking myself in my basement for 15
days and he gets caught come on your
whole family bro well not only did he
get caught but he also did a video of
him coming out of the basement for the
first that's what yeah that was the
worst thing and getting caught that was
like that you planted and made this fake
scenario and you're your family's
supposed to be all shocked when you come
out of the basement for the first time
in 40 days that's I agree with you fuck
off that said I've worked in television
and I guarantee you that was a producers
decision that was some network executive
that wanted a video of him coming out
and they had already got it planned and
he just fucking jet it over to the
Hamptons check out a spot where he's
gonna build his dope outs and then King
back is like okay we're doing it I'm
coming out of the basement everybody
like uh I got to fight with a guy on a
bike is that okay still don't call me
Franco and so he goes up the stairs like
Here I am I feel for him in that
situation I feel for him because I
guarantee you that was some jackass from
the network that had this idea to have
come out of the basement a theatrical
thing you were just deceitful or sneaky
or whatever word it is to all of the
viewers on TV I don't feel bad for him
you intentionally just tricked everybody
on some fake shit they
have to do that they didn't have to do
that well that's why podcasts worked cuz
nobody's doing that kind of shit on
podcasts you know they realize you don't
have to you don't have to pretend mm-hmm
just say yeah I went to the Hamptons
probably shouldn't buy stay away from
everybody my wife's already around me
anyway and some dude in the bikes came
by and he's being a dick what I was like
yeah bro just looking at my house spot
I'm building a dope house you
bike-riding dick fuck if I survived this
bed Kovich shit I'm gonna fucking live
right next door to you he was you know
he was an interesting case too
apparently was saying at nighttime it
gets really bad when he was on
television you look great mmm it's bad
at night okay
how about you go to bed earlier you know
you taking vitamins how come nobody said
that right bro how come that note nobody
we closed down gyms nobody has talked
about food about immune system none of
that that dr. Shiva guy was saying a lot
of cool stuff but nobody's saying it
must be some we're going on there I
don't know yeah he's a weird one I don't
know if he's telling the truth or what
the deal is I started like some of the
stuff someone makes then so then it was
like you're obviously running for some
court office or whatever very smart
that's for sure very intelligent guy but
you know he's if you're a person that
questions any aspect of kovat you're
immediately pushed into this area of
someone who can't be trusted
can't listen to them gotta silence the
conspiracy they were saying that about
Elon they were telling is like the Elan
podcast never trended and which I'm not
asking I don't give a fuck like if it
trends if it doesn't crack I appreciate
YouTube
I appreciate this platform I really do I
really do but I think when something
gets 11 million downloads in a day and
there's a bunch of other videos that
don't get nearly as much but that one's
not trending like why isn't it trending
and how much that has to do with his
opinions on things that aren't
sanctioned and one of his opinions on
things was the the perspective on Co vid
that keeping people locked up as a
mandatory thing that is not good it's
not what this country was founded on and
we should quarantine people who were
sick and he's smart his fuck and he made
a lot of sense
and people don't want to hear
because they want to hear Falchi tell
you wear a mask or don't wear a mask or
I mean these people these these people
are health experts but we've proven that
they've been wrong about multiple things
just in the two months they have been
wrong and they have proven that they've
been wrong and multiple things
continuously right but if you have a
video with foul Chi and it gets 11
million views that motherfucker will
trend guarantee I guarantee you you
can't do that you shouldn't do that
I shouldn't say you can't do that cuz
you obviously can and you did but you
shouldn't do that because it's not good
the best way to figure out who's right
when someone who could especially in
retrospect you know hindsight's 20/20
but we're looking back three months at
all the times the things are wrong all
the mistakes that were made in January
the World Health Organization literally
said it can't be transmitted from person
to person according to China that's what
they literally said they put it out on a
tweet okay give them that doesn't look
everybody made mistakes but because of
that you can't silence people who have
contrary opinions because the fact that
you have all these people that are
experts in their fields that have made
mistakes you cannot discount someone
who's clearly a fucking super genius
who's also looking at this from an
additional perspective here's another
perspective here's why don't we just
quarantine the people that are at risk
why don't we quarantine people who are
overweight corn instead of the whole
population then step two let's figure
out what the fuck this is and how to
take care of it and take care everybody
but give people the opportunity if they
choose to take a risk to take the risk
you can't force them to tank their
business I mean maybe the hindsight is
20/20 but that sounds like a logical
thing that should have been said from
the jump why do why do we have to make
that this is my mistake this is why cuz
we thought it was gonna be way worse we
thought it's gonna be worse than it is
we thought I was gonna burn through the
population and kill 10% of everyone
sometimes those things happen and
sometimes they more they morph right
they evolve viruses can change they can
they can change that they're going from
person to person and they really believe
that the virus that we got on the west
coast here is actually lighter than the
virus they got on the East Coast they
think the virus that came from Europe is
probably more deadly
virus that came here why I don't know
but there's a bunch of the fact is that
they never take into consideration
you never hear two people talking about
vitamin D going outside taking care of
yourself those people on the other side
man those people in the West Coast or
East Coast rather they don't get any Sun
give a live in New York bro
been there though but yeah I get that it
gets dreary they're just considered like
right on top of each other every silver
subway everything you know about the
subway well when you walk up the stairs
Oh gross and also in those subway she's
everybody's breathing everybody else's
air yeah there's no way around it you
have to breathe their air but the big
thing like you know I live in Boston I
lived in Newton when I was a kid and I
remember Newton was a nice place
beautiful beautiful neighborhood but I
remember the wintertime was so
depressing just look up at the sky and
it was just gray you couldn't see
anything you couldn't see any Sun I mean
the Sun came through the clouds but you
never saw a blue sky like for months at
a time this is gray and everybody would
get bombed out people get real shitty
with each other
did you notice like when the quarantine
first happened like the first two weeks
it was just draining all day every day
my backyard was flooding it was terrible
and it was life is awful and all the
sudden the Sun came out is like a couple
days off yes yeah yeah having a day off
and it's raining sucks awful yeah awful
but but not that bad for us because at
least we can say all we need this rain
right this is a good rest day we need
this rain we're in a drought right now
it's real bad but if you live in Seattle
everywhere every day Seattle I love you
people you guys are beautiful I love
your attitude I don't like the Chad
situation I don't think that's wise
but what's your thoughts on jazz I just
want to tell people Seattle get out go
just go
there's a reason why it's going crazy
it's filled with homeless people
everyone's tired they're depressed you
don't get any sunlight it's not good
you need sunlight that's just terrible
for you am i taking the Chad situation
is there doing exact I was talking about
it with colleano war the other day
they're doing exactly this
they get mad at when they think about a
country they put up walls they say they
have borders they have police and
enforcement they beat the fuck out of
people there's been murders inside it's
not all kumbaya you know it's like you
just made a shitty or smaller version of
a city of course you did of course you
did
but let's get borders a regular city you
can just dream should strive in
Albuquerque they like fuck you
we got border walls no one could come in
here that's crazy how did that happen
they're LARPing how did that happen it's
live in roleplay sure it's what it is
sure yeah I mean that's what it is and
they took over the city they take over
the LARPers well they need to learn you
know I mean there's there's a thing that
happens when a lot of these protesters
get equated with progress right whether
it's an Tifa or any like you know real
Marxist left-wing Progressive Socialist
Movement they have good intentions right
and they get lumped in with the idea
progress so people let them get away
with stuff they just they're just it's
programmed think it's gonna work out
it's gonna work out but they don't have
a real plan these folks don't have a
long-term plan when Seattle gave them
that just backs it's probably most
brilliant move ever like okay oh you
think you can do better once you go
ahead it's like you have kids right when
your kids look good in order to tie my
shoes like okay guitar you shoes you
stand there for a minute you want some
help I'll help you cuz you don't know
how to tie your shoes this is a do you
make the bunny ears you go to the loo
but sometimes you have to let a kid I
bet particularly boys I have all girls
but I would imagine with boys even more
so to get a little stubborn fucking know
what I'm doing dad you gotta go oh okay
do you okay Chazz good luck okay six
blocks is it two murders inside of a
fucking week I just don't understand how
that happened I don't understand the
city just let it go I think it's like a
publicity stunt and they want it I think
the city or a loss charge of that just a
lot of them Manning them doing that but
they're not being overrun with like guns
and
bombs and well bullshit this is like
we're gonna let these guys have it and
then we're gonna you know let this fail
like I don't even know this doesn't make
any sense to me it seems like a joke if
you talk to my friend Rob wolf reached
out to me because some folks from the
Seattle Police Department reached out to
him they trying to get their message out
they're trying to figure it out and the
sense that they were saying that the
media's not telling the true story and
that the true story is every time like
the the media will show them tear
gassing people did they don't say that
they had set up boundaries and they said
you got to stay out of the precinct got
to stay out of this area you guys you
can't just invade and every time they
put up these boundaries they would push
through and vile and then they had to
use tear gas they fell to defend their
position and then they eventually had to
give up the whole precinct then they had
to give up like six blocks and they
don't feel like there's a lot of support
for their position in the news and they
also don't feel like they're they're
being given the freedom to defend it
properly like the really they couldn't
how to get out of there that's why they
took that's why those people took it
that's why it's still locked down today
and the mayor's been saying lately it's
time to go home now but the mayor before
gave a fucked up answer of it like
saying that peaceful protest has always
been great maybe this is the Summer of
Love like okay good luck lady like these
ideas that get connected with progress
right so those people who really want
better right they're angry that George
Floyd got murdered but we all are every
normal rational person is angry they all
want to fuckin see change but we all do
but they decided to see change and six
blocks of Seattle that had nothing to do
with George Floyd they just took over
and they took over these buildings so
they basically did what Columbus did
they came and took over an area but they
then they did what Trump did they put up
a wall and then they did with those cops
did they beat the fuck out of people
yeah I mean they they ruined their own
idea within a couple of weeks so it
really was like Seattle just gone good
oh you know how to do better oh you
gonna do better okay good good and now
they're like it's time to go home but
there's you know there's people in there
that are armed it's not that simple you
know I don't know how they think they're
gonna get these people out of there
because you can't even get homeless
people out of San Francisco they
basically take it over Portland
Portland's filled with tents san
francisco's nuts man it's nuts you drive
down the seat you're stumped some
neighborhoods in San Francisco you see
like multi-million dollar houses and
there's five tents in front of the house
what is this what is you can't litter
you can't throw beer cans on the ground
how can we can leave a tent and a
fucking little camp stove and a
cardboard box filled with bullshit and
everybody's just waiting for somebody
else to come clean the turnout from
their yard
everybody's waiting to fish what would
you do if there was three tents in front
of your house
it's a good question I don't know what
I'll do I don't want to go to jail so I
don't know probably hire somebody to
clean it up I don't know what to do I
wouldn't know what to do what are the
what is the law can my kid not play in
the yard because some it was someone
threw a fucking heroin needle in the
yard and he's got a tent right there and
if you're in Venice and you get this
little little tiny patch of grass where
your kid can play
and your kid runs into a heroin needle
did someone chucked over the fence but
we have to be progressive we have to be
nice and people about whoa you go knock
on the tin hey man you can't ever take
her get the fuck out well actually you
won't you're gonna get the fuck out
you're gonna get fucked up dope gotta go
I'm a crack baby all right later you
gotta go I'm looking at that leave him
said they're gonna leave today there's
like an official Capitol protest Stone
says their own it's concluded as of
tonight and they expect some people to
not actually leave but they're saying
it's over
see I think somebody else funded that I
think that was a big joke I think that
was the funny
I don't know probably somebody in a deep
state or whatever the guys that fund all
the other stuff take this crazy right
the guys you throw Epstein witnesses out
of buildings okay how does that money go
around who gets it it goes in Bitcoin
they buy tacos with it I think people
are funding it and I don't know there's
so much shit going on that I can't just
blindly believe any of these narratives
anymore it's just beyond to me it would
be crazy if we found out there was some
sort of a weird ulterior motive for
letting them take over and this has all
been planned out some sort of a strange
way people think there's some people
think that this civil unrest and that
even encouraging the spread of Corona
would you know by letting people protest
and not doing anything to stop it is
actually some sort of a nefarious
attempt to make sure that all the
elections are mail-in ballots so they
can monkey with them
you know yes it does make sense if I was
writing a Tom Clancy novel yeah
right that makes sense hmm I don't know
if it's true though do not can barely
pay attention to shit I do yeah
my left switch kick is terrible so
really yes I got you bro moves to second
that's you so too much of a weird come
off down I'm constituting on that I
can't kind of lighting on Chazz I like
the step up over the switch we could
work it yeah I'll tell you what I'll
show you that okay okay because if we do
the switch kick you're staring at me
scary time I'm staring at you we're
about the right fucking whatever and
then you see me jump and switch my feet
right you know that something's called
you know it's coming I just step forward
with my right foot tried to back up I
can make the adjustment because my foot
is stepping mmm okay that makes sense
that makes sense
doesn't one switch but once I jump to
switch I'm stuck in that position no I
have taken an additional step a few
backup but if I just walk forward and
you move backwards I can adjust my foot
some guys don't like to switch right
some guys just blast it right from the
front leg
yeah I do that as well it just depends
on the distance person's coming to me
then I can do that right and if they're
moving away moving away than that wall
it's done make sense what do you think
about the low calf kick who crazy is
that wasn't becoming a popular thing and
then all of a sudden it's a thing it's
only the best thing it's like a really
effective thing my my training partner
bombuh
we were both had a both of our last
fights were on the same card and that
was like his thing he was they called me
to kick him in the cafeteria calf and
the kicker in the calf and then he
kicked me in the calf we're sparring and
I'm like a bro like fucking don't do
that like don't do that like stop doing
that you know my fucking shit you can
ruin your shit yeah it's nice kick where
you know like catch a medium one and
you're okay if somebody really slams
into your calf you're fucked
and if you it happens by just being lazy
with your block if you block correctly
it's fine but if I especially like us
a sparring situation you just you lazy
with your block and then it hits that
side of that cap and it's different
ballgame
it fucks it up for a long time to the
nerve it's a weird feeling right yeah
sucks it's like well they'd saw like the
Michael Chandler one were somewhat numb
that was insane
Henry Sehun oversees Mighty Mouse do
same thing say the second fight same
thing yeah it shuts your foot off it's
nuts and there's not much you do about
that
he's a beast huh dude he's up there too
undeniable he's up there I want to talk
about some of the greats
the guys are Olympic gold medals in
wrestling and then two division UFC
world champion mm-hmm and then smashed
Dominick Cruz smashed TJ Dillashaw
smashed Marlin mariah has a juiced-up TJ
Zilla so
EP owed like shit but starving to death
really my bro he looked worse on
weigh-in day than anyone I've ever seen
ever
next to Travis looter but Travis looter
was just trying to dehydrate too much in
one day TJ had he had eaten himself down
to nothing and then dehydrated and then
dehydrate himself he had eaten himself
down to nothing like he let his body eat
itself his cheeks were completely sunken
in he looked like he was like he was
found in the woods that was at 35 right
25 25 25 yeah so he was the 35 pound
champion went down to 25 he said he took
EPO just to be able to train it was like
he couldn't do anything but you know
it's hard to tell the alpha male guys
like fuck you you did like Cody gar
Brandt in a press conference we're
saying bro you were always taking that
shit so he didn't say it's like it's one
of those things like when you get caught
with something like that your whole
legacy gets its gets thrown up in the
air people sure yeah I mean I'm
wonderful activity test some of the
samples if they kept the samples as long
I don't know I don't know how long they
keep that's how they got Lance right it
was it yeah that's never popped while he
was competing it was after the fact
right something like that no favor got
him I think he had to confess where they
don't believe they ever caught Lance I
thought they took old samples and then
but maybe they didn't you might see
right I don't know girl you might be
right
I felt like at the time when he quit
though that wasn't the case
I felt the time it was like he was the
walls were closing in on him and he had
ex-teammates testified everybody was
going at it yeah
but again it's just your whole sports
dirty like what are they doing now are
they just remarkably slower I think what
are they doing
you got a juiced-up sport if you keep
the same times I'm gonna be super
suspicious yeah what happened in that
very next sentence of redx infancy if
that's the next guy behind Lance that
didn't juice was 27th or something do
the numbers just tack on an hour to
every race I know I thought it was 18th
but it you might be right but it's
something crazy like that it's
definitely top ten or gone oh for sure
top 15 plus we agree it's over top 15
yeah well that's the old days of the UFC
- mm-hmm I mean you want to go back old
days of pride for sure instant anyway
told me they told him on the contract
you will not be tested for steroids he
said it was all on ice told me that -
same thing he was on big bold letters
they could we'll have to test big bold
letters so like how about it boy so
could you I want to say what so could
you
I could be wrong one of those guys told
me that after they got tested and pride
they would walk out if they got tested
that there would be just cups of piss
all got in the hallway after the fight
like they did didn't do anything with it
like the guys pee in the cup and they
said on the floor not my hallway it was
just cups of PE all the way down yeah
penis cup please it's required okay
thanks yeah we got or nothing yeah we
tested for drugs man that turns out
tested their pest it just is burn the
results clean as a whistle
but do you go and watch those some of
those fights where guys were just like
so juiced up they let Bob Sapp fight 375
pounds with ABS with ABS bro that guy
and then it andis like an emotional
wreck starts crying well when you're on
that kind of juice I would imagine your
whole perspective and reality just kids
like what kind of doses are those
there's just buckets of testosterone
there like every man
I wanted to be clean who would tell you
you know like what what were you doing
during the Minotauro fight tell me about
those days
tell me about what what it what was
going on
Kirk up and his legs were just fucking
meanwhile cro cop smashed him even when
he was like fully on the shit
cro cop dropped him all guys were on the
shit yeah for sure yeah well that was
the thing people got real mad at me when
I questioned phaidor I'm like wow listen
it's not like Russia hasn't been known
to do shit like that before well it's in
your contract that you're not testing
and you're the goat heavyweight you're
the goat mmm so much the goat anymore
yeah not not so much to go anymore once
they were testing right there do they
say but also also years on the clock
there's a lot of factors sure of course
you know when like when he was fighting
like cro cop the early days of like fado
versus cro cop it's hard to argue that
he wasn't a goat he's one of those guys
like in the heavyweight division there
was a few years when Randleman picked
him up and slammed him and then he can
Ward him right afterwards insane yeah
there was a there were some fights man
when you like that guy's the best
he's the fuck rate of any spirit Tim
it's terrifying dude Oh IRA jumping up
and down on the cross imagine like what
the fuck this dude's a gorilla he had so
much athleticism he was so fast and so
powerful he knocked out cro cop remember
that left look stepped in faked like a
takedown shocked him with a left hook
boom and then finished him off on the
ground with nasty hammer fist it was
horrible I mean that's like this the
kickboxer transitioning to MMA's mm-hmm
biggest problem right yeah
fake to take job yeah yep yep there's
been quite a few of those and Randleman
was like he was so perfect for that role
because he was the wrestler who was a
stud wrestler but also had crazy speed
and I'm just crazy closing the distance
power
you know like Woodley mm-hmm exactly go
like the Woodley J here on fight like
those like or Carlos Conde or the
Woodley and Robbie Lawler oh yeah
perfect example his ability to close
distance
if the target is second to none oh my
god yeah he would throw bombs man what a
fucking career that guy had has had
mm-hmm but how good is Gilbert Burns
look man
that was crazy I'm a big fan of goober
prints he's a stud I'll have everybody
before the fight I was like man I really
like Woodley but I think I think Gilbert
burns and everybody signal Woodley for
sure Willie for sure if you see the
Gilbert burns that knocked out Demian
Maia and you realize like man this guy
is no joke on the ground Brazilian
jiu-jitsu world champion he's got that
sneaky left hook and also like this is a
giant opportunity for him Woodley is an
all-time great if Woodley retires right
now he goes down the books one of the
all-time great UFC champions or
definitely top three welterweights of
all time we're top 4 + is a big
difference in a former champion and an
up-and-coming guy that's starting to see
the light that there is a fucking title
right there I'll get to this you know
like I've been in those positions and
they're that dudes a dangerous dangerous
dude when when they haven't gotten there
yet this is a guy that's still trying to
keep it yes yes and then that's burnt
that team Sanford MMA with that killer
got a jujitsu monster phenom and he's
working with high level of strikers
every day what's going on on my kill
streak he's such a killer but it's crazy
it's like he really didn't strike until
like it's just a few years ago I mean I
don't know how many years he's been
fighting now but before that like just
had to learn how strike he was a jujitsu
guy he doesn't have like a background in
kickboxing but when you watch him fight
he's all about striking really good
really good really good dude him drop
Woodley like that in the first round and
swarm him like fuck man and his pace
keeps up that pace for five fucking
Browne's hard well then that between UFC
fights he's doing grappling they still
competing a little grappling stuff like
that's a dangerous move man
that's a dangerous move when cups wants
him blew his knee out that grab that
quintet I was like oh no and against
Jake Shields on my K dude Jake Shields
is huge
he's a lot bigger than you man yeah and
he got did you see it they were bad
and see it is a leglock position I think
it was like reaping and that's terrible
they were stuck in this bad position and
Cubs and he exploded yeah is it's just a
bad grappling matchup
I mean I know Cubs a black belt in
Brazilian jiu-jitsu but Jake is big he's
a big guy and he's fucking strong and he
has a long career as a competitive
jiu-jitsu player if your cub and your
like just doing real good like you've
got some wicked fights and you got a lot
of momentum and then you blow your
fucking knee out in this grappling
competition like shit and he's like 35 I
think in that range like that's a bad
time to get injured like that and if you
look at it like I'm a fighter and I'm
doing this grappling tournament as a
good thing a fun fun thing then you have
to go in there like if I have caught in
a position or this is not going well I
have to know that I'm a fighter not a
you know yes yeah you want to tap order
at the end of the day you're just
something like what a fuck yeah fuck
why'd I do that yeah there was a it was
a lot of jiu-jitsu guys in that thing
there's there's something about those
leg locks too it's like a scary way to
get hurt because like Yanks that's gonna
be a bad one you know we see someone get
heel hook and then not tap and quick
enough and you see that look in their
face like ah like oh you ain't
recovering from that one for a long-ass
time
everybody's like training here training
leg locks now and it's like a new newer
thing Riley yeah I've been training
about Eddie a bunch lately and it's like
getting used to just a temp planet style
of jiu-jitsu is so different and then
like the lockdown every five seconds on
my leg I got to deal with that and then
they heard a lot everybody's constantly
going for leg locks all the time I've
never I've trained a lot of teams in a
lot of ways over the years with
jiu-jitsu it's just it's a real issue
it's a real issue it's a real issue
because it's not like a lot of room for
defense in certain spots right heel hook
spots like II like inside he looks bro
you got very little time to make a
decision there well are you gonna roll
out of this you're just gonna tap now
preserve your shit because you might get
ripped apart and then Eddie's warm-ups
we have to lick you up to
like the A's and the B's there's like I
think it was see that we were doing
maybe it was B but it was like knee knee
bar ankle lock knee bar like foot foot
foot these things that's just the
warm-up of the thing these guys are
constantly working on specific you know
style of jiu-jitsu around the leg box
yes locks and ankle locks it's a crazy
time you know and if you look at the
professional jiu-jitsu scene if you look
at the top of the food chain like the
Gordon Ryan's and Craig Jones and guys
that nature they're all known for having
nasty letters yep well Craig is an
Australian guy but yeah Gord Ryan
Gary tonin who's now a 1 FC guy so he
made his debut yeah and several times
he's fought several times he's
undefeated in MMA awesome yeah he's
doing really good it is a big deal
because you know whenever a guy like you
who's a world champion in kickboxing or
a guy like him as a world champion
grappling makes its way into MMA like
your advantage of your specialty is very
significant right like you're standing
up with someone your advantage for most
guys against you is pretty significant
you know if you were just having a
kickboxing fight to be very significant
so that's the same thing with grappling
with a guy like tone and men hey guys
hold your shit you got real problems man
he's sneaky quick did you ever see that
video where was I think it was in Abu
Dhabi where he hit this dude with
scissor sweep right into a heel hook and
like tapped him in 15 so I was saying
immediate right just threw his
bodyweight sideways and it was
immediately cranking on it and and I
feel like he has a couple of us his
forte well he's so good defensively this
is not it but this is similar he did it
on this guy too
that's that's in just a grappling
competition I think he's done in MMA as
well but he's so good defensively that
he's not really worried like about you
catching him when you go to the ground
so he'll do wild shit to get the ground
like dive into a flying scissor you know
because he's like look once we go to the
ground my level is so high in comparison
to mo
guys I could just get away with getting
to the ground in weird spots you know
the confidence even if I get ya even if
I get in a weird spot I'm gonna still
end up in a better position yeah his
deep this is right right here look at
this boom I mean come on man as dude
tries to roll he's like the tap tap I
mean that is nasty man
he falls right into it right into it BAM
ah yeah that feeling of feeling your
shit separate inside your name you're
like oh god it is so quick it's not like
you do I even bother trying to figure
out what does you know get the fuck off
me bitch
stop stop stop and some guys would just
let them rip their knee apart there was
a Gary tonin AJ how do you say his last
name
I guess exam exam who's also very
talented and Gary tonin had him in the
craziest knee bar where his knee was
just fucked just bent completely out of
place and he didn't tap he just let him
fuck his knee up it's it's nasty to
watch too and then he's out for over a
year or something was out for that long
believe it or not yeah I think he just
dealt with the fact that shit was ripped
up and he had to shut us to him he had
it while the Bellator fighter pilot or
well his first one was like fucking
everybody was ragging on him he like
what's his stupid faces didn't work out
well but like his last bite they gave
him like a tough guy that was part of
that tournament and man he really really
brought it it was good he really brought
it it was an awesome fight really good
he's super talented on the ground really
good and again in comparison like he can
hang in there with guys like tone and in
comparison to the average MMA fighters
gonna have a significant advantage for
sure even gonna fight find that Gary
tonin taps out
his name is tough to say there it is
so look look how bad his knee is dude
look at that that is so bad that is so
bad look how far back that's going
[Music]
mm-hmm
and AGA's arm just handles it just deals
what he's like I don't give a fuck go
ahead break my shit like he's literally
letting him fuck his knee up
look how bad but something we see that
one more time look how bad that thing is
bent look at that bro that's bad that's
really but look how far it is passed
straight out chi and look out read
Gary's faces holy shit
Gary's trying to murder everyone he's
ever met huh yeah yeah exactly exactly
it's it's bending the wrong way seems
like it should be he should be facing
the other direction that's been posting
off of his head shit trying to get more
off of that like I'll read his faces
he's going for that yeah that is his
knees getting ripped apart there and his
head is going this way this foot is
going that way
not good SuperDuper not good and he's
like fine fucking fine lifts this adds
up fine some people are just tough man
they can handle getting their leg ripped
apart I've seen it Jon Jones did it
against Vitor feet are ruined his arm
ruined is not Vitor got him in a full-on
arm bar fully hyper-extended and John's
like fuck you I'm not tapping like you
do whatever you want with that thing I
got this one over here so Vega deserve
snap in half yes Frank mere man and then
the only person that saved his entire
fucking career was Herb Dean right herb
D was like hey hey hey your arms broken
come on bro yeah it's like alright and
you know you were compensated yes yeah
and you were like I know something's
going on here they like there watch the
video you're like well the audience was
booing and so I said you got to show
these people the video like we got to
see this video and and you know the
audience is booing and then they put it
up on the big screen and then when they
put it up on the big screen the moment
you see it snappy with oh here through
the whole crowd like oh it was the worst
broken armor I've ever seen up to that
point someone else had a nasty one in
the UFC and I can't think of it was like
a spiral fracture
yeah Frank Mir got him in a Kimura
Minotauro didn't ow and he just you
heard it too you heard it packed arena
you hear
and you see him sitting out looking at
it like ah yeah look at him look at him
looking at like fuck have you ever hit
somebody with that and torn their shit
no I did when I was a long time ago but
I I was at somebody in a cavora and they
were like an upper belt and just didn't
think that they thought it was whatever
and I don't even know if it was like
about me he was just not going with the
Kimura sweep I might even been a squeak
okay I just refused the sweep and his
joint ripped and it sounded like if you
took like a terry cloth towel I just
pulled it apart as like just oh it's
terrible and that gave me like
nightmares for like wheats is it always
in my head cause it's right over you
right it's like right in your ears feel
the tendons ripping apart heroin thing
about jiu-jitsu man if you break
something you're like well now I'm out
for six months if I'm lucky
yeah and the ego gets involved mm-hmm it
was a lot of ego in jiu-jitsu oh for
sure man you know it go I always try to
go into like especially when I guess I'm
I go to a lot of different jujitsu gyms
I'm not like a long-term mm-hmm guy
right so it's like oh that's Jewish
Schilling and like I go in with no ego
and there's always a guy that's gonna go
like extra super big his big moment you
know it's yeah that is a problem
these motherfuckers in their big moments
it was like bro that is your big Dave
it's just like my Tuesday afternoon but
that is the problem the professional
fighter always training with civilians
you never you never know you're not
vetting these people like there might be
bad cops like if no cops are allowed to
train jiu-jitsu to if you're in a
fucking place and there's a guy who has
that bad cop mentality and he happens to
be a brown belt or I was so scared to
get pulled over you want you want good
cops
that's what good cops cops are important
and I know there's a lot of them I think
there's more good cops and bad I really
believe that I think it's just an
insanely hard job and I think they're
held to a
standard that they should be held to
because it's it's a life-or-death
situation but it's a standard where your
entire job is your you're dealing with
conflict conflict is very rare for
people right for regular people not like
you you fight you know you're pretty
good at conflict right but for regular
folks they don't come into physical
conflict on a regular basis it's very
rare for a cop it's everyday that's
you're overloading your system two
percent so if you have this guy who's
already a little wacky and then you put
him into a everyday conflict situation
and then he's got seven years on the job
who knows how nuts that guy is by the
time he does something stupid which is
why we just need to start the process
with are you okay with conflict you know
let's go down the list you can't ask
them you got to make him carry the boat
I think they should all go through buds
training I really know have any any kind
of thing yeah find out if they're
exceptional alright now if there's
something there's something about them
that separates them from a regular
person well if not well guess what you
have a gun and a fucking badge the
ability to pull somebody over and tell
them what to do and shoot people that
takes you out of the realm of a normal
person if you want to be a non normal
person you have to show the
qualifications of a non normal person
and I think most of them can do it they
could do it and if they listen to Jocko
they let Jocko willing to take over the
training and just make sure everybody
does 20% training we could radically
reduce a lot of the interactions of
people rather than negative and then we
can over overshadow it with good stories
of cops doing good things you change the
perspective yes so right now everybody
needs to see there's a problem so they
can be fixed yes right they do need to
see that and that's why even the people
that are mad and they don't like you now
and they're pissed off of you I hope
they understand your perspective and
that's why I wanted to first of all I
love you so I want to have young so I
was loved seeing you but I wanted to
have you on because I know I know that
this means something here this is not
just like some celeb cause like we're
talking about that goofy video that
those people made you know like I'm
gonna be held accountable I'm gonna part
of the problem no you're doing that not
for the likes you're losing people man I
know people are falling off your and
they're mad at you but you're doing it
because you mean it means something to
you and you actually care and you
want people to know like this is a
fucking real problem and it's a problem
with black people for sure it's also a
problem with just people it's a it's you
know and this is this better not get
lost in this this conversation in this
message for sure I'm down with police
reform everywhere for sure for sure
whether it's black lives matter or you
know whatever whatever's happening we
need some police reform we need them to
be held accountable then anybody held
accountable for women for old men for
everybody
they just think you can't you just can't
just do that you can't just behave that
way they need to be held accountable I
think so one of us have our base that
just like the coronavirus probably you
could say the same thing because I
haven't encountered it I don't think
it's real just like people have an
accountant an asshole cop which I find
hard to believe or racism that it's not
real you know what I mean and well white
people that discount racism we're the
most hilarious it's ridiculous well
that's easy to say
yeah it's some idea that doesn't exist
it's pretty silly and the idea that all
cops are good is also pretty silly all
people are not good it's too hard it's
too hard to be a person mm-hmm it's hard
and people need checks and balances
every every level of every job ain't
nobody has to have some accountability
has to have everything some checks and
balances we can't have a government that
nobody gets in checks and balances these
are gonna mean every news channel all
the time to back checks and talk shit
about every tweet that the president
makes or anybody we're constantly doing
that why do we just blindly just believe
that the police don't ever make mistakes
exactly and if we want to all admit that
they have a bad a hard job or whatever
that's just as much more reason that we
should all be checking in on them and
making sure that they're not going
fucking apeshit well said thank you
you're not a bad guy Joe showing you
just want me to be held accountable I
just wanna be held accountable
cuz you're a bad motherfucker and you
want bad motherfuckers to be cops that's
right there you go not bitch ass dudes
clear that's that's like that's a
respectful position I was talking to my
buddy about it like can you imagine
being scared you have to go pull this
person over and we think that guy
cops probably pussy that's why he did it
but if he knows he's a pussy he knows
he's a pussy walking to the car oh fuck
oh exactly and that's what we got let's
we're dealing with these are the guys
were given the guns too not all of them
but some of them 100% that's so
important it's like one of the things
you would tell people if you were
talking to a kid and he was like do you
think do you think I should do martial
arts for self-defense 100% no you're a
pussy it's not cut out for it like
straight down those people but there are
those people it's the same honesty a lot
of those guys that say mind they want up
strangling folks yeah well good jujitsu
different man because not to get punched
really good there's something about like
like you would admit to this right
there's people that get good at jujitsu
that would never get good at striking
yes yes yes and because Roset yes
because you actually practice jiu-jitsu
without getting hit in the face where is
you not gonna practice you're not gonna
actually get good at striking unless
you're getting struck which is very
difficult you gotta go in the danger
zone son right you can stay out of the
danger zone jiu-jitsu you can do live
drills you can do a lot of things but
there's sparring is sparring you know in
the first time some guy fucking punches
you in the face and you see stars and
your nose starts running and your eyes
are watering you're like oh my god
cuz I can make you look great on the
pads I could teach you the fitness you
can have the body you can shadow box you
could do all of that is when that shit
happens mm-hmm
when that shit happens it's real and in
jiu-jitsu you get to go again and
jiu-jitsu guy catches you we all get
caught you guy gets you in an armbar
okay tap and you can go right again
if someone flatlines you you're fucked
for the day you're not this is not a
normal thing for your body to experience
and you can't necessarily point that out
at least not when they walk into the gym
nope right you trained him for a whole
fight that's what I tell my fighters all
the time is your first like ten fights I
have no idea I have a hoping what you're
gonna do but I don't know right because
we'll be an answer smoker a smoker fire
warm up good a good cut weight good
you're good
you're saying it's great and then you
get out there in front of the lights and
it's just not for you it's not your time
so you could be a just engaging who can
somehow or another ignore those lights
there's dudes that just ignore those
lights they don't mean shit that guy
comes out I just look see like this just
dead faced not freaking out Daniel
Rodriguez same thing same thing same
thing like ice-cold yeah he looks like a
guy who would be ice cold ice cold those
guys excel excel because how much of a
factor is it is dealing with the anxiety
the first time I courted him for a fight
he uh let go warm up when I run up and
everybody every fighter is a little
different some guys like long warm up
some guys are the panic and death like
we just keep an eye and see what's going
on so his first time unless you're
raising today if we were warming him up
and it's like are you got like 10
minutes for the next fight he's like
making anything else I'm not cool
chillin he sits down he gets on his
phone he's like looking at the phone
sweepa sweepa three oh shit and I'm like
Commission comes like okay you're next
up but he's like alright cool and he's
just filming through his pump like
nothing's happening and I'm like did he
warm up oh we did probably 15 20 minutes
okay you know we got we gotta get spike
going got the first little bit out but
he was just chilling and I'm like
noticing what's going on and I don't
want to like make a scene but I like
when is here's a man the shit you're
doing her nose like it's cool as fuck
and all that but like just make sure you
turn the switch when it's time to go
anything look to me like yeah I got it
and sure enough he did it right I just
smokes the guy the guy had way more
experience at him this was a small local
show then after the fight we go to the
bar he's got all those friends and
family there and shit and he's gotten
out of free drinks and like he puts his
arm around me he was like a man you know
you were saying like make sure I turn
the switch
I was like yeah he's like I mean I've
been to jail like a lot like a lot and I
fought a lot of people say I don't get
nervous when I fight one person and I
was like
ching ching ching ching we got a winner
here folks and then I was like okay
we'll see about this
but his UFC debut forget the guys he
fought a really good guy from New Mexico
southpaw don't remember it
man I can't believe I pull it up young
Jaime man the guy dealers there's a lot
of respect he's are really tough dude
and he's like a gate almost like a gate
keeper so to speak and he brought took
it on like two weeks notice and went in
there and same thing he's like warms up
real laid-back he's like damn they're
sleeping in the locker room they're like
you're up next they're cool whatever and
he's like totally ice cold then we walk
out for the fight and you know after the
they check your nails and mouthpiece and
all that you have like a moment
everybody always hugs which i think is
weird like you're going off the bottle
or something but he turns around unless
a gay man speaks show just take it all
in you got this whatever and I'm like
what's the game plan he's like fuck this
dude up yeah I was like but uh how are
you do that he's like like some remove
my feet I'm gonna pick Vegas but but
like he was just ice-cold and then he
stops the dude like he was a phenomenal
performance like that guy is a rare
breed when it comes to staying calm
under pressure and it's almost like
prisons CrossFitting training standing
guillotine stinking after he drops a big
deal Tim means is very good I mean he's
a sneaky on short notice
debut short notice and you're dealing
with a guy who's a insane amount of
competition under his belt I mean Tim
means is a fucking real world-class
fighter he brought the truth yeah
there's guys like that out there but it
almost is like cross-training
like prison is like mental
cross-training you know I mean think of
like dealing with compensation
rotation believing in yourself it's like
showing up like not a bitch and you know
what I mean like that's like if you get
a guy that and he comes to jujitsu and
he comes from gymnastics you're like oh
shit
you never done jujitsu ever like to do
you gonna get good quick you're a
gymnast if you get some guy does the
Rings you know imagine how good he's
gonna be at jujitsu pommel horse dude
yes yeah all of those motherfuckers how
good is that gonna be he's pushing off
hips and shit and that's kind of the
same way you would think about a guy
who's been in a lot of street fights in
prison fight it's like the anxiety
aspect of fighting as long as you have
the athletic aspect as well but having
that anxiety alleviation of being being
known how to keep your shit together
like what someone else is having like an
anxiety attack or aspect that deal with
and someone else feels right at home not
even not not even the opposite of that
like feels good like he's happy who that
sees it yeah sees it yeah it's fucking
terrifying
bad place to be mm-hmm Joe chilling we
did three hours already
yeah time plus time flies does Don don't
feel in any way like you said anything
negative you are a hundred percent right
everything you said all that shit you
put on your Instagram it doesn't mean
you're a bad person or your anti cop you
just don't want to see the disgusting
shit that you keep posting over and over
again yeah I just want like everybody
that's better my people which is all
people that are in the United States so
like land of the free home of the brave
like all the shit that we grew up on
thinking let's punch we're supposed to
be like let's stick to that let's let's
hold each other accountable to that yeah
and don't defund the police please but
they don't need tanks you their diploma
don't need tanks goodbye everybody thank
you
good
that's good